---
title: "How to build app using low-code approach in WaveMaker?"
id: "build-app-using-low-code-approach"
sidebar_label: "Build app using low-code approach"
---
See the [FAQs](/learn/app-development/wavemaker-app-development-faqs) for WaveMaker app development.      

---

A major portion of the application’s code parts are auto-generated by the platform, leaving the business logic, rules and data flows to be coded by the WaveMaker App developers. (see here) UI layer is built such that, decisions to fetch or update the data to the backend services are made when the end-user interacts with widgets or other UI elements. Additionally, business logic functions either on the server-side or on the client-side are invoked at that time. In WaveMaker, this functionality is achieved through the Binding layer, using components known as ‘Variables’.

Variables function by invoking the associated REST APIs on the server-side, invoking the client-side JavaScript events that are associated or bound through configuration, after the response is obtained. Variables play a significant role in binding the UI and the backend services layer together through configuration and events, eliminating the necessity to write a lot of code.

Variables can be represented using a block with 3 faces, as in the picture below, representing the APIs invoked, events processed and the Model or Entity objects returned by the APIs.

Essentially, the code is written on the server-side (primarily in Java) to process or compute data and on the client-side business logic functions are written (in JavaScript) to process data before it is sent to or after the response is returned from the backend services.

This model offers a true low-code approach eliminating the need to build an entire framework of UI, backend and binding layers, completely removing the burden from developers to maintain lot of code, frameworks, their upgrades and compatibility issues.  

## See Also
[FAQs](/learn/app-development/wavemaker-app-development-faqs)  