---
title: "WaveMaker 10.4.0 - Release date: 20 April 2020"
id: "v10-4-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.4.0"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with features and bug fixes.*

## New Features

---

### Deploy to Kubernetes cluster on Digital Ocean

- Using 1-click deploy feature, now deploy WaveMaker app to Kubernetes cluster. Supported cloud providers is Digital Ocean. Working on supporting AWS EKS, GCP & Azure.

|[Deploy to Digital Ocean](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-to-digital-ocean)|
|---|

### Import REST APIs via Swagger, Open API

- Live Variable support for CRUD actions of imported REST API. Create Form, Table, List on top of imported REST API.
- Build an application that utilize data stored in enterprise systems such as SalesForce, SAP, Dynamics CRM, Stripe by importing their APIs
- Get started on developing WaveMaker app quickly by importing existing REST API that has Swagger/OpenAPI support

|[Importing REST API via Swagger](/learn/app-development/services/api-designer/import-rest-apis-swagger)|[CRUD Variable](/learn/app-development/variables/crud-variable)|
|---|---|

### Upgrade to latest version of ngx - bootstrap

- Simplification of WaveMaker code
- Better support of excluding week days, specific dates from selection when using date picker
- Better support for adaptive positioning of widgets like Date picker, Popover, and more.

### Support for MicroFrontEnd, Single-SPA framework

- An npm command that can generate javascript, css artifacts to support integration into single-spa framework and support Micro Front ends.

### Creating pages in WaveMaker have never been so easier

- When creating a page, choose layout first and then the page template
- Have generic page templates instead of industry-specific templates

|[New Page Creation flow](/learn/app-development/ui-design/page-creation)|
|---|

### Make “Material” theme awesome

- Redesign Material theme so that apps using material theme look better
- Drop old themes like and keep only the following themes – Default, Material, Neon, Passion, Vintage.
- New styles added to Data Table.

|[New Themes](/learn/app-development/ui-design/themes#supported-themes)|[DataTable Classes](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/styles#data-table-classes)|[Deprecated Themes](/learn/app-development/ui-design/themes#deprecated-themes)|
|---|---|---|

### Improvements on Charts

- Bug fix on tooltip appearing in the corner in mobile apps.
- Support for changing the position of legends on the chart to top, bottom, right. Earlier only top, bottom were supported.


### Optimizing the sign up flow

- New users can access the product right after sign up without verifying the email.
- During the time when the email is unverified, features that need verified identity such as - adding new users to the project, deploy, exporting the project, push to external git will be disabled.
- During the trial period importing a project into WaveMaker will be disabled.

### WKWebView is integrated

Apple made it mandatory for all new apps to use WKWebView instead of UIWebView. So, WaveMaker is updated to use WKWebView. For more information, see our [blog on WKWebView](/learn/blog/2020/04/20/wavemaker-wkwebview-upgrade).


## Bug fixes

---

- Show errors like a deleted prefab, wrong font reference in CSS before deploy process instead of showing deployment failure after a long wait. [#doc](/learn/app-development/dev-integration/inspection-framework#no-missing-page-elements)
- InLine edit of Table should support the same form validation methods that are supported on the form. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/field-validator)
- Pulling from VCS sometimes would cause the project to become unresponsive.
- In design dialog for a text widget of type number, when you give a number and click the enter key, you see a console error "ERROR TypeError: Cannot read property 'dataoutput' of undefined. This is not fixed. 
- On `Page.OnReady`, Variables with "Request data on page Load" were not invoked in Angular Build. This is not fixed.
- Liveform submit fails with an error "Process rejected in the queue, check the inflight behavior" when you click **Save** multiple times on a slow network, which inserts multiple blank records instead of one. This is fixed.
-  The dropdown was not visible for autocomplete widgets when they were inside the livefilter, and when the displaylabel attribute is present on the wm-filterfield. This is now fixed. 
- When on selecting an item from the list, the data table (added row expansion feature) will be filtered based on the selected list item. However, when row is expanded and later selecting list item throws error and data is not loaded in data table.
- Cannot use `$i` to loop through the Variable while specifying the "IN" filter condition.
- Exposed a new property called [Auto Close property](/learn/app-development/widgets/navigation/popover#behavior).
- Build in phonegap fails when the cordova is huge. This is fixed.
- Wizard widget: Accessing widgets on the **onLoad** event of a navigation step throws error. This is now fixed. 
- Issues with FileUpload Widget are fixed when more than one File Upload widget is used on a single page.
- For Chart widget, Custom Colors property in the Advanced Settings was not considering the array of elements. It is taking the first value as string. This is now fixed.

### Mobile

- The scroll is moved out of the mobile viewport when Form has many input fields when you try to enter data. This is now fixed.

## Deprecated

---

- Platform support for Mobile Apps on Android Kitkat is deprecated and is going to end in WaveMaker 10.5.


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> **3.0.1 -> 5.4**</td>|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 9.0.0   8.0.0     **5.0.1 -> 5.1.1** </td>|


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
