---
title: "WaveMaker 10.5.6 - Release date: 08 October 2020"
id: "v10-5-6"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.5.6"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with bug fixes.*

## Improvements

---

- Stackable multiple toaster messages. This offers a way to display multiple toasters in a page and can be configured via a simple method.

## Mobile Updates

---

- WaveMaker platform updated to use `cordova-android@9.0.0`. Android target SDK is changed to 29. Android min SDK is set as 22.
- Phonegap build service is [deprecated by Adobe](https://blog.phonegap.com/update-for-customers-using-phonegap-and-phonegap-build-cc701c77502c). Therefore, **Send To Phonegap** option is removed from the mobile build menu. WaveMaker is creating an alternative. In the meantime, please use the [new manual build process](/learn/hybrid-mobile/mobile-build-manual).

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed issue related to exporting project shell to EDN.
- Fixed issues related to editing and displaying the user profile name.
- Few messages which were not localized are now localized.
- When the **onSuccess** handler for a service variable used to upload file is overridden, the default success toaster is now suppressed. This allows users to customize the behavior as per the need.
- On clicking reset on a Form, the File widget inside it would not reset. This issue is now fixed
- Fixed issue related to accessing the second level Partial page widgets from `App.activePage` when the Partial is loaded in a page dialog.
- Fixed issue related to the **Animation Interval** property for the **Carousel** widget to set it through the script.
- Fixed issue related to the **Chips** widget dataset that is not updating the UI when the variable is updated.
- Fixed scrolling issues with content inside a design dialog.
- Fixed few broken documentation links in the WaveMaker Studio.

### Date

- Fixed issue related to saving a query variable in Database when the type of the column is the **Date** type, whereas the input parameter of the update query is in the **DateTime** type.
- Fixed issue related to the **DateTime** Widget when a value is entered in the Hours field, the value (00) used to populate is in the Minutes field.
- Fixed issue related to the **Timestamp** property which was not exposed for Date widgets.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 9.0.0   **8.0.0 -> 9.0.0**    5.1.1 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
