---
title: "WaveMaker 9.2 - Release date: 23 January 2018"
id: "v9-2-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v9.2.0"
---
*WaveMaker has released a new version with new features.*

## Highlights
---
### Mobile Apps

*   When an app uses offline DB and there is an intermittent network connectivity, the user should be able to decide when the offline changes need to be synced. You, as an app developer, can configure a mobile app such that the user can choose to continue in offline mode even when the network connection is not stable. [#doc](/learn/hybrid-mobile/switching-offline-online-mode/)
*   Bringing Mobile app experience closer to that of a Native app by extending support to **Swipe Gestures**. Using this feature, the user can swipe to traverse widgets like Tabs, Carousel, Left panel. [#doc](/learn/hybrid-mobile/gesture-support/)

### Remember Me
Functionality for Mobile apps: With this feature, when a mobile app user exits and re-opens the app they will be logged in by default, as long as it is within the set session timeout period.

### Security Services

*   **CORS (cross-origin resource sharing)** settings for enabling REST API calls from different domains to access the resources from a WaveMaker app. It can also be configured separately for different deployment profiles. [#doc](/learn/app-development/app-security/owasp/#cors)

## Enhancements
---
### Services

### Web Services
*   **SOAP service** can now be re-imported. This is to cater to situations where the SOAP Service Provider updates the service and you need to incorporate those changes into your app. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/web-services/working-with-soap-services/#SOAP-service-reimport).

### Database Services
*   **Sequence Mapping**: For databases that support sequences (Oracle, SQL Server, PostgreSQL, DB2, etc.) for the Primary Key generation, the mapping of Primary Key columns to the respective Sequences can be done at the time of connecting to Database. You also have the option to change the assigned type to sequence and then assign a sequence to the same. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/working-with-databases/#map-sequences)

### Prefab Profile Configuration
Configurations for services used in a Prefab can be accessed from the Project Configurations dialog. When your app incorporates a Prefab that uses backend services, these services can be configured separately for development and deployment profiles.  [#doc](/learn/app-development/deployment/configuration-profiles/#deploy-profile).

### Security Services
App variable invocation, for authenticated APIs, is deferred to post login. That is if an app variable is set to "Request data on page load", and the underlying API requires authentication, then the request will be sent after user login based upon the user's permission settings.

## Widgets

### Checkboxset**
Items in a Checkboxset can now be grouped, count of items within the group displayed and groups expanded and collapsed like List. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/checkboxset/)
### Chips
Chips widgets functionality has been enhanced to include ([#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/chips/))
*   allow users to re-order the chip elements at runtime;
*   keyboard access to the widget at runtime through the support for Tab Index;
*   new callbacks to have a better control over the behavior.

## Technology Stack
---
### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 2.2.3 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.11.4 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 1.6.5 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 2.5.0 |
| Editor | ace-editor | 1.2.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.3 |
| CORS support, prefabs | xdomain | 0.7.5 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.4 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

*Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 4.3.9 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 4.1.2 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.2.4 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.2.10 |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.3.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.6.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.12 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | client-4.5.2,   core-4.3.2,   mime-4.5.2 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Logging framework | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Date Time Framework <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> Joda Time API -> Java 8 Date/Time API </td>|  |
| Servlet Framework |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.5 -> 3.0 </td>|

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.x -> 7.1 </td>|

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8 ([more...](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server/))