---
title: "WaveMaker 10.0.4 - Release date: 11 July 2019"
id: "v10-0-4"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.0.4"
---
*WaveMaker has released a new version with bug fixes.*

## Bug fixes
---

1. The following WaveMaker platform services were available for injection in 9.x but not in 10 GA, 10.0.1, 10.0.2, 10.0.3. Now they are available from the 10.0.4 release.  

    - LocalDBManagementService
    - NetworkService
    - DeviceFileService
    - Utils

2. The getCurrentPosition() method used to fail due to timeout (even with the 30s). Thus, a watcher on GPS is added, and the last observed position is used for the getCurrentPosition() method.
3. Data table widget:
    - For multi-select DataTable, the selectedItem was not updating when you select the header checkbox.
    - Record selection response time was slow when the Select All option is selected for the Data Table with a larger number of records.
4. The button onTap() function invoke using script did not work for mobile app in WM 10 GA onwards which works with the 10.0.4 release.
5. In angular build, the device variable services were getting initialized multiple times.
6. App Level notification actions were not opening on a button click.

## Mobile 
7. Geolocation did not work when you turn off and turn on the location services. Enable the location service before launching the app to get the location.
8. There were issues with multi-select and deselecting items in the List Widget.
9. Pull to refresh was invoked even when the user swipes up.
10. Fixed the Ontap event issues on mobile.

## Technology Stack

Find the updated list of technologies supported by WaveMaker. 

- [UI Frameworks](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v10-0-ga#ui-frameworks)
- [Back-end Frameworks](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v10-0-ga#back-end-frameworks)
- [Run-time Environment](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v10-0-ga#run-time-environment)

For the newest version details, see our [current release notes](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes).   
