---
title: "WaveMaker 10.7.1 - Release date: 27 May 2021"
id: "v10-7-1"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.7.1"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update with bug fixes.*


## Improvements

---

- Added the ability to bind the **Enable Reorder** property in the **List** widget.
- Added the ability to dynamically load **Accordion Pane** and **Tab Pane** widgets to connect to a data source using the **Dataset** property. [Learn more](/learn/how-tos/dynamic-tabs-accordions).
- Added the `None` option to the **Server Path** of the [application properties](/learn/hybrid-mobile/mobile-build-android#application-properties), which states no backend server to connect. Therefore, some hosted services may not work; this applies to [Android mobile build](/learn/hybrid-mobile/mobile-build-android).

### Tech Stack Updates

- XSS Antisamy version updated from 1.5.10 to 1.6.3.
- Hibernate version updated from 5.4.22 to 5.4.31
- Updated [Runtime environment](#runtime-environment).

### Date Picker Widget

Introduced options to:

- Choose between native and web pickers in a mobile app. Until now, it was always a native picker. [Learn more](/learn/how-tos/custom-date-picker).
- Add a title to the header.
- Add actions to the footer.

## Bug Fixes

---

#### Date and Time Widgets

- Fixed an issue related to Datepicker, particularly when you click the label, it opens a native Datepicker twice.
- Fixed an issue related to the output format for the DateTime widget. Precisely, when you set the Datetime widget to a date format other than "timestamp," it throws a validation error for the widget in mobile devices, including the app and browser.
- Fixed an issue related to a Time widget. A random value `4:18` is set in edit mode in a Data table column, including Android mobile browsers and tablets, and iPad devices.

#### Blob type

- Fixed an issue related to not opening blob files retrieved from DB using the openFile device variable.

#### Authorization in OAuth 2.0

- Fixed an issue related to the authorization URL, specifically when the authorization URL contains extra parameters, it generates an incorrect authorized URL at runtime.

#### Inspection Framework

- Fixed an issue related to Inspect Framework throwing error when including config params in the `formatters.js` file.
- Fixed an issue related to running deployments because of the Inspection results not triggering the calls. 

#### Build and Deployment

- Fixed an issue related to permissions to access the configured `idpmetadata.xml` file via URL in the deployment mode.
- Fixed an issue related to app build failure when the build machine is in a docker container. Changed the way the `$USER_HOME` directory was being read in a node module.
- Fixed issues related to Build projects with dependencies scope attribute set as "test."
- Fixed an issue related to angular build failures in Windows OS.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 9.1.12 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap |6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.3.5|
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.4.5|
| XSS | Antisamy Framework <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 1.5.10 to 1.6.3 </td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.8.6|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.4.22 to 5.4.31</td>|
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.5.1|
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.11.3|
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.30 |
|  | Log4j2 | 2.13.3 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | httpclient- 4.5.13   httpmime- 4.5.6 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| Weblogic <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 12c (12.1.3) </td>|
| WebSphere <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 9.0.5 (BASE) </td>|
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat <td className="versiontdbgcolor">8.5.x, 9.x </td>|
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 10.0.0   9.0.0    6.1.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
