---
title: "WaveMaker 10.2.0 - Release date: 24 October 2019"
id: "v10-2-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.2.0"
---
*WaveMaker has released a new version with enhancements and bug fixes.*

## Enhancements
---

*   Long running tasks such as Deploy, Building Cordova ZIP now trigger jobs whose status can be tracked from the Studio UI. With this new infrastructure, features like Export WAR with deployment profile, Exporting Cordova ZIP for mobile app is now possible.
*   Support for [Brotli compression](https://github.com/google/brotli) is added. When you deploy WaveMaker application the static assets in the app are now also compressed using Brotli apart from gzip. Helps in loading application pages faster. Brotli works only if the WaveMaker application is deployed over https.
*   Reduced JavaScript bundle size. WaveMaker application build process already customizes the WaveMaker UI bundle so that only components the application use are included. But in this release some more enhancements are added to load third party dependencies such as d3, nvd3.js, fullCalendar.js only these UI components are used.
*   (Enterprise only) Support for private GitHub repositories. WaveMaker Enterprise offering already supports plugging in git based version control systems such as GitLab, BitBucket. Now we also support using GitHub enterprise, GitHub private repositories also.

## Fixes
---

*   Redesigned user interaction of Deleting project from WaveMaker account. Now triggering delete shows users the impact the operation will have so that they can take better informed decision.
*   Fixed OAuth authorization which was not working when identity provider is oauth0.com.
*   onPageReady event was not being triggered when navigating to the same page. This event now triggered corrected.
*   When form contains a child form, reset of the parent form was clearing the child form contents too. Reset now only clear the parent form content.
*   If WaveMaker application is configured to delegte authentication to Okta, then when this security configuration was edited, subsequently a certificate to be re-uploaded to Okta. This is now not required.
*   Mobile: Network calls fail when app deployed on server is hosted over “http”
*   Loading spinner was not showing up when its tracking variable is set.
*   When a form contains repeatable sections containing custom ui components (prefabs) validation messages were not getting shown upon submission
*   In some cases the default selection was not working in a tab widget
*   Login error message was not showing after it is closed. Now this message tray shows the error whenever there is error in the login form template.

## Known issues
---

*   When developing mobile application in WaveMaker, new developer builds do not trigger update notification on the mobile app. However, if the application is published to application stores the update notifications work properly.


## Technology Stack
---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 3.0.1 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) |8.1.1 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).