---
title: "WaveMaker 10.5.1 - Release date: 01 July 2020"
id: "v10-5-1"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.5.1"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with improvements and bug fixes.*

## Improvements

---

- Enhanced Live Form custom notification actions for `onError` event.
- For Mobile apps, the left panel should open only when the finger is swiped horizontally starting at the extreme left end of the phone.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed issues with reimporting of Swagger/ Open-API.
- After deleting a swagger if a new  or a different swagger is imported with a same name, then you'd see the spinner and it would not go any further. This is now fixed.
- Fixed alignment issues for imported swagger API description in the UI.
- Create a CRUD variable for imported API by selecting from **Select a service type** when drag-and-drop of the widgets.
- For swagger with OAuth (implicit) security was not working as expected in mobile android build, specifically when using swagger in prefab in a mobile project. This is now fixed.
- In a data table, after saving new data in a Live Form, when the **Orderby** for the variable is set to descending, the focus jumps to the last record instead of the newly inserted record. This is now fixed.
- Data for the Live Form was not displaying when the Live Form is inside the List widget. This is now fixed.
- For Search Widget, the **onsubmit** of the `$event.data` event was undefined in WM10. This is now fixed.
- When the main URL is hit in the browser as `https://<domain>/<AppName>`, it was redirecting to Main page `https://<domain>/<AppName>/#/Login?redirectTo=Main` instead of user specific page. This is now fixed.
- Jquery-ui-draggable is added as a part of the WaveMaker library so that it need not be added explicitly by the user to enable Jquery based draggable API support.
- Fixed issue related to iOS mobile apps on entering invalid credentials that showed additional error messages. 
- Fixed issue related to logout operation which was failing in Open ID when invoking it after the session timeout.



## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 9.0.0   8.0.0    5.1.1 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
