---
title: "WaveMaker 11.3.6 - Release date: 31 July 2023"
id: "v11-3-6"
sidebar_label: "v11.3.6"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.3.6, which includes new features in React Native, such as Multi-theme support, Touch events, Audio widget, RTL Layout, Multiple selections in the List widget, React Native feature enhancements, and other bug fixes.

## New Features - React Native

### Multi Theme Support

WaveMaker now offers multiple theme support in an application where you can now add and apply additional themes other than the default theme and switch between them. Learn more about [Multi-theme Support](/learn/react-native/theme/#multi-theme-support).

### Touch Events

- WaveMaker has introduced a `Long Tap` event for the widgets that already support `Tap` and `Double Tap` events. 

:::note

Widgets that currently support Long Tap events are, [Tile](/learn/app-development/widgets/container/tile/), [Container](/learn/app-development/widgets/container/), [Progress circle](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/progress-circle/), [Progress bar](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/progress-bar/), [Picture](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/picture/), [Label](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/label/), [Button](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/button/), and [Anchor](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/anchor/).
:::

- In the List widget, WaveMaker now supports Touch events, including `Tap`, `Double Tap`, and `Long Tap`. 

### Accordion Widget

Now you can view the content in multiple Accordion panes at the same time while using the Accordion widget in WaveMaker. Learn more about [Accordion](/learn/app-development/widgets/container/accordion/).

### Multiple Selection in List

You can now select multiple items in a List by enabling the **Multiple Selection** property. `Selection Limit` and `Selection Limit Exceeded` events allow restricting the maximum number of list items that can be selected. Learn more about [Multiple Selection in List](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/list/behavior-settings/#multiselect).

### Audio Widget

Introducing the Audio widget in WaveMaker Studio allowing users to add audio files in an application. Learn more about [Audio Widget](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/audio/).

### Right To Left Layout Support - beta

The Right to Left (RTL) layout for the RTL written languages is now supported in WaveMaker.

## Enhancements

- Support for empty placeholders in the Number and Currency widget.
- In the Slider widget, now users can add styles to the slider min and max values.
- Users can now use the `hide-context-menu` class to avoid options like cut, copy, and paste getting displayed on `Tap` events.

## Expo Version Upgrade

- **[Expo](https://blog.expo.dev/expo-sdk-48-ccb8302e231)** updated from version 47 to 48 for React Native apps.

## Bug Fixes

---

### React Native

- Fixed an issue related to Prefab getting displayed even when the **Show** property is set to false.
- Fixed issue related to white flashes that appears when navigating through pages.
- Fixed the issue where the picture is not getting displayed for the encoded URL.
- Fixed the issue related to the picture not getting displayed in the Dialog widget.
- Fixed unsupported attribute issue getting displayed in the **border-style** property.
- Fixed the Hamburger-menu issue that was not collapsing and the user was getting navigated to the same page.
- Fixed the Spinner issue where the Spinner was not getting displayed even when the Spinner context was applied to the variable.
- Fixed the issue related to the date being unable to get displayed using the Date widget.
- Fixed navigation on the list in a tab issue by supporting the go-to tab and go-to Accordion options in actions.
- Fixed the date widget inconsistency in the web and Cordova interface.
- Fixed issue in tabs widget when 3 tabs are open, **Transition** property is set to slide and tab 2 is hidden.

### Accessibility Issues

- Fixed pagination accessibility issues.
- Fixed announcement issue whether the popover is expanded or collapsed when the popover is opened or closed.
- Fixed the accessibility issue of keeping the focus inside the Dialog widget.
- Fixed announcement issue in the List widget where *Press spacebar to toggle drag and drop mode* is announced only if the **enable-reorder** property is enabled.
- Fixed the accessibility issue where the wm-input element’s aria-describedby attribute is referencing a non-existent element id.

### Backend

- Fixed the **App Proxy** Properties for Rest API Calls.
- Fixed the VCS repository deletion issue which has no active projects.
- Fixed project import issue from GitLab.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.6.0 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular 12.2.16 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.3.27 -> 5.3.29 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.8.2 -> 5.8.5 </td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.10.0 -> 2.10.1 </td>|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.6.12.Final -> 5.6.15.Final </td> |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.14.2 -> 2.15.2 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  <td   className="versiontdbgcolor"> 4.5.13 -> 4.5.14 </td>|
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
|Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Multi-version Studio
---

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|14.15.5|
|Maven | 3.8.6|
|npm | 7.20.3|
|Ant|	1.10.11|
|Git|	2.26| 

### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node | 12.22.3|
|Maven| 3.8.6|
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|
|Git|	2.26| 

For more information about building project with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).

## Build Environment 10

### Angular Web and Mobile 10

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |1.8 |
|Node | 12.22.3|
|Maven|	3.8.1|
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|
|Git|	2.26| 
