---
title: "WaveMaker 11.6.2 - Release date: 25 March 2024"
id: "v11-6-2"
sidebar_label: "v11.6.2"
---

WaveMaker 11.6.2 includes many bug fixes related to Security, APIs, and Profile Configuration sections in our New Studio to improve your experience with us.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue specific to the iOS platform where the first placeholder in the Select drop-down is empty.

### New Studio

- Fixed an issue where the entries in the Username and User Table fields for Basic role mapping under the Security section are not visible after reloading the project.
- Fixed a Swagger file related issue where the user was unable to post the data values with type Header to the Swagger file.
- Fixed an issue related to the Model variable where the `Is List` property was not getting checked even if the value given in the JSON text editor is a list type.
- Fixed an issue where the `Load On Demand` property was visible even if the show property was not bound to any value.
- Fixed an issue where the user was able to save the empty required fields, Username, and User Table, under Basic role mapping in the Security section.
- Fixed a security-related issue where the Logout URL provided in the Open ID security provider was visible in the CAS security provider even after the swtich.
- Fixed an issue where the User Roles in Access Level were not getting updated for any services under the Sevices tab in the Security section.
- Fixed an issue in the Security section where the user was unable to view the save button after updating the queries under Custom role mapping.
- Fixed an issue where the tested query field was not getting cleared after the user saved the previous changes and returned to the same page in the security section.
- Fixed an issue related to the Custom query role mapping where the queries were getting cleared upon revisiting the Security section even if the queries were saved.
- Fixed an issue where two loading spinners were observed upon clicking the Export Theme to Team button.
- Fixed an issue where the Page Param fields are not visible while creating a Navigation variable under the Actions variable section.
- Fixed a console error that was shown on clicking the Back button while uploading a Swagger file under the Imported APIs section.
- Fixed an issue in the Profile Configuration section where the required fields were not getting validated.


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.6.0 -> 3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 12.2.16 -> 15.2.9 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 -> 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.31 -> 5.3.33 </td> |
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">5.8.10 -> 5.8.11 </td> |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.10.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.15.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5|
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 12.22.3 -> 18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5|
|npm |	6.14.13 -> 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


