---
title: "WaveMaker 8.0.6 - Release date: 25 February 2016"
id: "v8-0-6"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.0.6"
---
*Here is a summary of key features, known issues and bug fixes offered in 8.0.6 Release.*

## Highlights
---

### Database Designer

1.  Added **Java Type** attribute for database columns, allowing developers to specify the exact type mapping for auto-generating Entities. **Note**: changing SQL Type is allowed only for editable db schemas (see below)
2.  DB Schemas for HSQL, and other databases cannot be edited and hence are rendered as **Read-Only** schemas. In read-only mode, you can alter the Java Types and virtual relations alone.

### Service Variables

**Query Service Variables** can be configured to return sorted results based on specified fields. The syntax for **OrderBy** property would be “_field1 asc,field2 desc_“.

### REST Services

The **Query Parameters** for **REST services** now support data types such as _long, float, double, date, datetime_ etc., apart from _String and Int_. You can change the data type of query parameters to bind directly without needing explicit type conversions.

### Prefabs

New **QR Code generator prefab** has been added to the list of prefabs distributed. QR code prefab allows developers to generate code from text.

### Carousel Widget

**Carousel Widget** has been enhanced to handle dynamic data. Current, carousel widget is a _Static Carousel_ with images coming from the uploaded resource list. The _Dynamic Carousel_ can be bound to a Live or Service Variables and use the url field as the image source.

### Icon Library

**Wavicon** icons are thin fonts that were developed following the iOS and Android mobile style guidelines. These icons are shipped as part of the Icon library within WaveMaker_._

### DB Widgets

A **new template** has been added for the **DB widgets,** that uses **live list** accompanied by a **Live Form** to perform CRUD operations on the underlying dataset.

### Notification Call Variables

A Partial page can now be used to show **toast** messages from a **Notification Call Variable**, to improve error handling within application.

### Live Filter Widget

1.  **Live Filter** has _expanded_ and _collapsible_ properties which can be set, to collapse and expand the live filter.
2.  **Empty Filter Options** property can be used to enable ‘_No Value_‘ option for select and radioset widgets in **Live Filter**. The various sub-options define the behavior in case No Value is selected by the user. The options are:
    *   NULL: Filtering on ‘No Value’ returns null records.
    *   EMPTY: Filtering on ‘No Value’ returns empty records.
    *   NULL AND EMPTY: Filtering on ‘No Value’ returns both null and empty records.
3.  Live Filters now support _partial matches_, i.e., partial strings can be used to set the Filter and retrieve the relevant rows. The new **Live Filter** property called **Match Mode** will define how the filter should be applied. The values can be _start_ for matching the beginning of the string, _end_ for matching the ending of the string, _anywhere_ for matching any part of the string or _exact_ for matching the entire string.

## Enhancements
---

1.  _Sort and Search_ can be enabled or disabled at the column level for **datagrid widget**. [#docs](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/data-table).
2.  The syntax for _Order by_ property for **Live and Service variables** is “_field1 asc, field2 desc_“.
3.  Issue with **localisation of date and datetime widgets** has been fixed.
4.  _Remember Me_ feature which is enabled for all WaveMaker apps with Security enabled, has a default expiry/lifetime cookie. This cookie is valid for 15 days or user explicitly signing-out out of the application whichever comes first. **Note**: This feature works only for Demo & Database security providers.

## Technology Stack
---
### UI Framework

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 2.2.0 |
|  | jquery-ui | 1.11.4 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 1.5.0 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 1.1.2 |
| Editor | ace-editor | 1.2.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.14 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.2 |
| CORS support, prefabs | xdomain | 0.7.5 |
| Built-in functions | underscore | 1.8.3 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.6 |


### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 7.0 |
| Tomcat | 6.0 |