---
title: "WaveMaker 9.1.0 - Release date: 20 December 2017"
id: "v9-1-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v9.1.0"
---
*This release includes enhancements and bug fixes to the product.*

## Highlights
---
1.  Support for auditing and history using **DB2 temporals**.
2.  **Mobile Apps**
    *   Mobile offline support has been enhanced to sync large datasets
    *   Native-like smooth scroll experience while rendering large datasets
    *   REST services that require OAuth 2.0 authentication can now be imported into mobile projects
3.  Enabled **Refactoring for Pages**, includes renaming and duplicating.  [#doc](/learn/app-development/ui-design/page-creation/#page-operations).
4.  **SOAP service import** process ([#doc](/learn/app-development/services/web-services/working-with-soap-services/#SOAP-service-setup)) has been enhanced to include:
    *   support for importing the WSDL along with its dependent schema files through zip format,
    *   support for custom package name for the generated sources,
    *   support for avoiding the name collisions in the generated model classes when two or more elements from different schemas have the same name.
5.  **Data Table**: Enabled support for _on Error_ event. This event will be invoked after the edit/insert/delete operation from a quick-edit or inline-edit data table returns a failure response. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/datatable-events-methods/#events).
6.  **Profile Configuration**: Security Profile has been enhanced to include all fields for all security providers. [#doc](/learn/app-development/deployment/configuration-profiles/#deploy-profile).
7.  **VCS Configuration**: For Push to External Repo, you can optionally select the branch from a drop-down. [#doc](/learn/app-development/dev-integration/developer-collaboration/#push-to-external-repo)

## Bug Fixes
---
1. Prior to this release, Page Parameters were not available for binding until the Page was saved. This issue has been fixed and now the parameters are available upon creation.
2. Deletion of the default and English (if different from default) language bundles is restricted. This is to fix the case when the app load was failing due to missing language bundles. In case these bundles are deleted by accident, the app will load displaying blanks where the corresponding localization is used.
3. To change the Authorization Type once the Rest Service is imported, you had to delete the Rest Service imported and re-import the service with the desired Authorization Settings. Now, the Authorization setting for an already imported REST service can be changed from the Service Settings. Go to the RESET Service, make the required changes and Test the service to effect the changes.
4. Customized error messages for on Error and on Success events of Live Widgets were not being honored, the default messages were being displayed. This issue has been fixed.

## Technology Stack
---
### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 2.2.3 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.11.4 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 1.6.5 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 2.5.0 |
| Editor | ace-editor | 1.2.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.3 |
| CORS support, prefabs | xdomain | 0.7.5 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.4 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

*Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 4.3.9 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 4.1.2 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.2.4 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.2.10 |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.3.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.6.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.12 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | client-4.5.2,   core-4.3.2,   mime-4.5.2 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Logging framework | Log4j | 1.2.17 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) |7.1.1 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8 ([more...](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server/))