---
title: "What's New in WaveMaker Studio 11.9"
author: "Venugopal Jidigam"
---
---

:::note
**WaveMaker Studio version 11.9** is scheduled for release on **October 21st, 2024**.
:::

In WaveMaker Studio version 11.9, we're excited to introduce a host of new features, enhancements & stack upgrades that further empower developers and improve the overall experience of app development. With this release, we’ve upgraded the underlying technology stack to support Java 17 & 21, along with Spring 6.x. We’ve also enhanced usability with a redesigned database designer, added real-time data handling with WebSocket services, and improved developer experience with features like zoom functionality in Canvas and enhanced file upload capabilities.

Additionally, we're making a significant move towards accessibility by ensuring that all generated applications are compliant with **WCAG 2.1 AA standards**, helping developers build inclusive apps for all users.

This article provides an in-depth look at the WaveMaker Studio 11.9 release, covering the migration to the latest technology stack, what to expect, and how to prepare for the upgrade.

Here’s a closer look at what’s coming in WaveMaker Studio 11.9.

<!-- truncate -->

## Upgrade to Java 17/21

As Java 11 Long Term Support (LTS) is reaching its end of life in October 2024, it's necessary to upgrade the Java version used by our platform and generated applications. Instead of enforcing a single version for all users, we’re giving app developers the flexibility to choose the version that best suits their needs. We have prepared a detailed blog post on the same [Java Upgrade: 17 or 21?](/learn/blog/2024/08/29/java-17-and-21-upgrade).

## Javax to Jakarta namespace

As we transition to the latest technology stack, it became necessary to migrate from the javax to the jakarta namespace. We've made the decision to fully adopt the new namespace going forward. For more information, you can find the details in our blog post [here](/learn/blog/2024/09/24/javax-to-jakarta).

## Servlet, Spring & 3rd party dependencies upgrade
In this release we have upgraded application's Servlet dependency from **4.x to 6.x** & Spring framework dependency from **5.x to 6.1.13** along with all other dependent libraries. We have covered a detailed post on the need for upgrading those libraries along with the impact on WaveMaker application [here](/learn/blog/2024/10/01/spring6-upgrade/).

Below is a list of the major libraries that have been updated and their respective old and new versions.

| Library |Old Version |New Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Spring | 5.3.39 | 6.1.13
| Spring Security | 5.8.14 | 6.3.3
| Spring Data | 2021.2.18 | 2024.0.4
| Spring Boot | 2.7.18 | 3.3.4
| Log4j | 2.18.0 | 2.24.1
| Slf4j | 1.7.36 | 2.0.16
| Servlet | 4.0.4 | 6.0.0
| Http Client 5 |  | 5.4
| Hibernate Validator | 6.2.5.Final | 8.0.1.Final
| Hibernate Core (Jakarta) |  | 5.6.15.Final
| Tomcat | 9.0.93 | 10.1.31
| Maven | 3.9.8 | 3.9.9

## Seamless Migration

With the namespace change from javax to jakarta and major library upgrades, including Servlet and Spring, we encountered several compatibility issues during the upgrade process. Our application migrator automatically updates existing applications to the latest stack, but depending on your application's functionality, some backward compatibility issues may arise.

To help with this transition, we’ve prepared a detailed [blog](/learn/blog/2024/10/11/11-9-migration/) post outlining our seamless migration process and the manual changes that might be required after the release. We encourage you to review the post for more information.

## New & Sleek DB Designer 

We’ve reimagined our database designer to be more lightweight and user-friendly. The new approach focuses on importing schemas and displaying only related tables, making schema management faster and more intuitive. Please read more about the new and improved DB designer [here](/learn/blog/2024/10/11/new-sleek-db-designer/).

## Real-Time Data Handling with Web socket service

With the introduction of WebSocket services, developers can now build applications with real-time data updates, such as live chats or notifications, easily and efficiently.

## Zoom Functionality in Canvas

The new zoom feature provides greater flexibility when working on UI design. Zoom in for detailed work, or zoom out for an overview, improving overall design control. More details [here](/learn/blog/2024/10/11/introducing-zoom-level/).

## WCAG 2.1 AA Compliance

We are committed to making WaveMaker-generated applications accessible to all users. With this release, all applications generated by WaveMaker Studio will be compliant with **WCAG 2.1 AA accessibility standards**. This ensures that applications meet industry-standard accessibility requirements, helping developers create inclusive experiences for users with disabilities.

## File upload Enhancements

File upload capabilities have been improved, with the new and enhanced UI experience, additional events to handle file operations etc.

## Preparing for the 11.9 Release

As part of the WaveMaker Studio 11.9 upgrade, there are a few important steps customers should take to ensure a smooth transition. Here’s a breakdown of the key areas to focus on:

## Java Upgrade

- **Build Pipelines**:  Your build pipelines will need to be updated to use **Java 17 or 21** for compiling applications. Make sure that your pipeline configuration reflects this change to avoid build issues.
- **Deployment Environments**: Ensure your deployment environments are also upgraded to Java 17 or 21 to maintain compatibility with the latest platform features.

## Web Server's Upgrade

To ensure compatibility with Servlet 6, your web servers must be upgraded to the minimum versions specified below that support the new specifications.
- **Tomcat 10.1+**
- **JBoss WildFly 27+**
- **WebSphere Liberty 23.0.0.9+**

## Review of Custom Code

While the migration process handles most of the code updates automatically, **any custom code using deprecated classes or methods** from older versions of **Spring** or **Servlet** will need to be manually updated post the release.

## Third-Party Library Compatibility

If your application depends on third-party libraries that still use the javax namespace, you will need to check if updated versions of these libraries are available post-release, supporting the jakarta namespace. Ensure that all third-party dependencies are compatible with the new specifications to avoid runtime issues.

## We're Here to Help

While these upgrades offer significant improvements and our migrator tool does its best to update your app, we understand that some backward compatibility issues may still arise. Rest assured, we’re here to support you through any challenges during the upgrade process. Our team is committed to making your transition to WaveMaker Studio 11.9 as seamless as possible. If you have any questions or concerns, don’t hesitate to reach out—we’ll work closely with you to resolve any issues promptly.

## Conclusion

WaveMaker Studio 11.9 represents a significant step forward, introducing a host of new features, latest stack upgrades and improvements. A detailed release notes will be published along with the list of bug fixes addressed in this release. We’re confident that this release will help you build more powerful, accessible, and modern applications. However, should you experience any issues during the upgrade, know that we are fully committed to supporting you throughout the process.
