---
title: "Expo 50 for React Native Released with 11.8.0"
author: "Swetha Kundaram"
---
---

WaveMaker family, we are excited to announce the latest iteration of our platform, [WaveMaker 11.8.0](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v11-8-0/), and it’s packed with significant enhancements - most notably, the upgrade to Expo SDK 50.

## Why this Upgrade Matters

We know developers are always on the lookout for tools that simplify workflows and enhance efficiency. With this new version, we’ve not only improved performance but also brought in new features that could help developers save time and effort in areas where frequent testing is needed. Here's a sneak peek at what you can expect.

<!-- truncate -->

## React Native 0.73

We’ve upgraded to React Native 0.73, bringing you the latest features, enhanced performance, and improved developer tools. Dive into the [React Native CHANGELOG](https://github.com/facebook/react-native/releases) to see all the detailed enhancements.


## Improved Debugger for React Native apps

Take a closer look into the future with a new JavaScript debugger UI, which helps developers debug at the same time in preview. This debugger is still in development, but you can try it out now!

### What's new here

- A fresh, user-friendly interface for finding and fixing bugs.
- Built on the same technology as the debugger you already know (from Expo CLI).

### Try it out 

To give it a spin, simply add this line to your terminal before starting your Expo project:

```bash
EXPO_USE_UNSTABLE_DEBUGGER=1 npx expo start
```

This will activate the new debugger interface, giving you a smoother debugging experience.

## Improvement in npx expo run Command

Expo CLI will now prompt you to select a target platform if it's not explicitly named in the command. This is a small quality-of-life improvement that aligns the `npx expo run` UX with that of `eas build:run`. You can also use `npx expo run android` or `npx expo run ios` as alternatives to `run:android` and `run:ios`.

1. `npx expo run` - Prompts to select a platform.  
2. `npx expo run android` - Runs on Android.  
3. `npx expo run ios` - Runs on iOS.

## Improved Error Messages and Stack Traces

Debugging just got a whole lot easier! Having the ability to read error messages quickly and having to put lesser efforts when developer runs into error is something that is most times overlooked at. Expo 50 offers more detailed and useful error messages and stack traces, making it faster to identify and resolve issues.

## Optimized npx expo prebuild

Skip the unnecessary dependency installations with the improved npx expo prebuild command. If there are no changes to the dependencies in package.json, the Node module installation step is skipped. This means a faster and cleaner prebuild process!

## Speedy Build Performance

WaveMaker 11.8.0 ensures that builds are quicker than ever before. This significant performance boost translates directly into a more efficient development cycle.

:::note
While we’re on Expo SDK 50, please note that Expo Go supports only the latest SDK version. Therefore, Expo Go for version 50 won’t be available on the Play Store or App Store.

### Compatibility Details

**Android**: Download Expo 50 from Expo Go  
**iOS**: Not supported  
**Android Emulator**: Supported  
**iOS Simulator**: Supported  
:::

## How to Get Started

Before diving in, ensure you have the following prerequisites installed:

- JDK 17
- Android SDK 34
- `@wavemaker/wm-reactnative-cli@1.8.x`

And there you have it! WaveMaker 11.8.0 is here to supercharge your development process. Get ready to build, debug, and deploy faster and more efficiently.
Feel the power of WaveMaker with Expo SDK 50. 🚀
