---
title: "WaveMaker 10.8.0 - Release date: 11 August 2021"
id: "v10-8-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.8.0"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with some new features and bug fixes.*

## New Features

---


### Team Artifacts

- Support for Publishing Artifacts to the Teams.
- Enable Artifact sharing across team members.

:::important
Artifacts, including Prefabs, Themes, Project Shells, and Template Bundle published to workspace earlier, should be re-published to Teams. 

Team admin should approve the published Artifacts, including Prefabs, Themes, Project Shells, and Template Bundle, to use by other team members.
:::

#### Prefab Versioning

- A new flow for publishing, approving and consuming Prefabs.
- Enabling Branching support for Prefabs.
- Choose a version-specific prefab in the project.

### Enhanced Configuration Management

- Support for building an Immutable war file by separating the war file from the configuration.
- Support for 12-factor app compliance for config management.
- Support for custom property sources - such as Database and API.
- Support for context-specific property configuration for achieving multi-tenancy.

### Database CRUD Operation Event Listeners

- Enable support for listening to the CRUD events on Database operations.
- The event listeners helps in achieving the following:
    - Adding Dynamic Validations
    - Custom Business Logic
    - Authorization checks, Row-level security
    - Encrypt or Decrypt the field values
    - Set default/override values during insert/update
    - Invoke additional services for integration
    - Audit history for the data changes and more.

For more information, see [Database CRUD Operations Event Listeners](/learn/app-development/services/database-crud-event-listeners).

### Library Update

- Updated [backend framework](#back-end-frameworks) libraries.
- Maven plugin versions updated to the latest ones in the project's `pom.xml` file.
- Maven updated from 3.6.3 to 3.8.1. 

:::important
Maven 3.8.1 does not allow communication to HTTP repositories for security reasons, which may break the maven build in some projects. For example, project declaring JasperReports dependency with versions lower than 6.17.0 will fail because they internally declared an HTTP repository. In such cases, the dependency version should be updated to the latest version, which is 6.17.0.
:::

### Other Improvements

- Load a tab and accordion dynamically using a Live variable.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Improved scalability when using multiple Prefabs on a single page, specific to design time experience.
- Fixes for WaveMaker 9.4 project themes.
- Added logger message when database query execution fails.
- When a query throws an exception, the database will not update.
- Fixed issues related to validations applied from the database for Microsoft SQL Server.
- Fixed an issue related to zooming of Google Map Prefab when the map is present in a tab-pane or accordion.
- Fixed an issue related to duplicating properties in the app.properties file when adding a new property.
- Fixed an issue related to previewing the app when both XSS and SAML are enabled.


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 9.1.12 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.5->5.3.9</td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.4.5->5.5.1</td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.8.6->2.8.7</td>|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.4.22.Final->5.5.5.Final</td>|
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.5.1|
| JSON library | Jackson  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.11.3->2.12.4</td>|
| Logging framework | SLF4j  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 1.7.30->1.7.32 </td>|
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.13.3->2.14.1 </td>|
| Http client library | HttpComponents | httpclient- 4.5.13   httpmime- 4.5.6 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1.0 |
|Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.4.5 -> 4.0.3 </td>|

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 10.0.0   9.0.0    6.1.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
