---
title: "WaveMaker 10.5.3 - Release date: 23 July 2020"
id: "v10-5-3"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.5.3"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with bug fixes.*

## Bug Fixes

---

- **DataTable**: Fixed issues related to `$formData` param showing incorrect values and undefined param when adding it to an event.
- Fixed issue with **Select Locale (Arabic)** displaying incorrect date/current date when you edit the date value in a Data Table.
- Fixed issue with Data table column displaying even when changing the **show** property to `false`, and when there are no records in the data table.
- Fixed issue related to the **File Upload** widget showing the uploaded-file with a check-mark symbol when the file upload service fail.
- Fixed issue related to not executing the query when using a blob type column in it.
- Fixed issue with Bar chart when you plot date on the x-axis, the dates get modified to respective timezone. This occurs when you use the `mm/dd/yyyy` format.
- For **Search** Widget, the `$event.data` of an **onSubmit** event was undefined. This is fixed.
- When a REST API returns a string type value, it does not return a string response; the field value under the dataSet for the variable does not display to access the returned response.
- Fixed issue with swagger CRUD variable; now the **Update data on input change** property would work as expected.
- Fixed issues related to List widget; when binding a list widget to other widgets' selected-item node, or live filter widgets' result node, then templates would not work, and they led to console errors. This is fixed.
- Adding support for reading schema location from WSDL imports.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 9.0.0   8.0.0    5.1.1 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
