---
title: "WaveMaker 10.5.0 - Release date: 22 June 2020"
id: "v10-5-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.5.0"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with features and bug fixes.*

## New Features

---

### Deployment to CDN

- WaveMaker application build now generates artifacts that can be deployed onto CDN, while the backend code is deployed to servers such as Tomcat. See more [details here](/learn/blog/2020/06/23/deliver-faster-applications-with-wavemaker).


### Support for MicroFrontEnd, Single-SPA framework

- An npm command that can generate javascript, css artifacts to support integration into single-spa framework and support Micro Front ends.
- Updated with version 3.4 of 'single-spa-angular' for better Angular 7 project support.
- Library is moved under [@WaveMaker organization under npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wavemaker/wm-sspa-cli).
- Package size reduced to 15.2Kb.

### Data Table Summary Row

- When creating a data table, you can use the **Summary Row** function to add the summary at the bottom of the table. This summary can be computed on the client-side, or on the server-side. See more details about [Data Table - Summary Row Function](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/summary-row).

### Custom Formatter

- You can now write custom data formatter to convert data received from services to well formatted data before showing in the UI. See more about [Custom Formatter](/learn/app-development/variables/custom-formatter).

### Import REST APIs via Swagger, Open API

- Supports import of swagger document in YAML format apart from JSON.
- Support for importing API generated by [PostgREST](http://postgrest.org/en/v7.0.0/).
- Support for [implicit OAuth mode](https://developer.okta.com/blog/2018/05/24/what-is-the-oauth2-implicit-grant-type) of authentication for imported REST APIs.
- Edit CRUD endpoints after importing an OpenAPI.

### Widget Templates

- With Widget Templates, now users can quickly choose alternative UI representations. This easy to use feature works similar to how SmartArt works in PowerPoint. For example: For a form wizard this features allows users to choose different ways the steps within the form are shown on the page. See more about [Using Smart Template and Layout for Widgets](/learn/how-tos/widget-template-layout).

### Mobile

- New filepicker component: With new filepicker component, now UI to select files in mobile apps has improved. Now, you can upload files from Google drive account in android and from iCloud drive in iOS. Earlier filepicker component had limitations such as only showing Recent files. Check our [blog](/learn/blog/2020/06/24/wavemaker-mobile-filepicker) for more info.
- Support for Android KitKat is dropped, and supporting from Lollipop.

## Bug fixes

---

- When using popover widget that is populated with data from an API call, initially a the popover height is small until the data comes in. This is now fixed by setting the height of the popover appropriately.
- Some APIs such as [CoronaTracker API](https://coronavirus-tracker-api.herokuapp.com/openapi.json) were not imported. This is now fixed.  
- Improved error messages shown when importing API that is either not reachable or fails because it requires some kind of authentication.
- In form widgets used inside a form wizard, sometimes the data was not loaded when user navigates to step2. This is now fixed.
- When an application was deployed multiple times using 1-click deploy feature, because previous deployments were not cleaned up properly the web server on which the app was getting deployed was running out of memory. This is now fixed.
- Added CustomRouteReuseStrategy to ensure the page is reloaded when required and avoid refresh issues because of angular DefaultRouteReuseStrategy.
- Fixed deployment failures due to Memory leak while performing multiple re-deployments in demo phase.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 9.0.0   8.0.0    5.1.1 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
