---
title: "WaveMaker 10.10.0 - Release date: 22 November 2021"
id: "v10-10-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.10.0"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with some new features and bug fixes.*

## New Features

---

### Prefab Localization

#### Override Prefab locale messages in the application

You can override the values for the Prefab locale keys by using the "prefabMessages" object in the I18N folder. 

- For example, a Prefab contains languages including English, Spanish, and Arabic. To edit a prefab message key of Spanish, you override the message keys in the `es.json` file where the prefab messages object is provided, placed in the I18N folder. Similarly, to edit Arabic, you edit the message keys in the `ar.json` file.

#### Handling unsupported Prefab locale

- Suppose the application supports a locale that Prefab does not support. In that case, the prefab messages are picked from the Prefabs' en.json file for that specific locale in the output folder instead of empty messages. 

- Even though the locale is not supported in the Prefab, you can still provide localized messages in that language by extending the `language.json` file and adding keys manually. 
    - For example, if Prefab supports only English and Spanish but the app supports English, Spanish and Arabic, you can add the respective locale message keys in the prefabMessages object inside the `ar.json` file.


## Improvements
---

### Android SDK

- Cordova-Android is upgraded to 10.1.0, which has support for Android-30 SDK. 
- All Cordova plugins are updated to the latest versions.
- All Cordova platform-supported plugins now point to npm instead of GitHub. 

### SSPI-CLI Update

- Updated wm-sspa-cli to [1.2.8](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wavemaker/wm-sspa-cli)


## Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue related to Azure cloud not supporting Standard A1 instance for deployments.
- Fixed an issue related to Error while updating GoogleMaps prefab in projects.
- Fixed an issue related to styling when enabling Page Cache for Pages containing Popover widget.
- Fixed an issue related to Data Table values using script causing differences in Preview, Demo and Production builds.
- Fixed an issue related to binding labels in the Donut Chart.  

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.4.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 10.2.5 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.19|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework  | 5.3.9|
| Security framework | Spring Security  | 5.5.2|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  |  2.8.8|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.5.7.Final|
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.5.1|
| JSON library | Jackson  |  2.12.5|
| Logging framework | SLF4j  |1.7.32 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2  |2.14.1 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | httpclient- 4.5.13   httpmime- 4.5.6 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1.0 |
|Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 4.0.3 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 10.0.0   9.0.0 -> 10.1.0    6.1.0 </td>|

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
