---
title: "WaveMaker 10.4.2"
id: "v10-4-2"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.4.2"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with new features and bug fixes.*

---

## WaveMaker 10.4.2 - Release date: 27 May 2020

---

### Bug Fixes

- Supporting `TODAY` and `CLEAR` buttons for Date widget as in WM 9.4 version.

- Fixed issue with Validation Message property of Date and Datetime Widget; validation message only pops up for a second, and it would not be display after a few seconds.

- Fixed issues with Popover widget with partial as content when hovering, which causes flickering of the popover box.

- Fixed issues with Conditional Class property for Live Form, Form, Live Filter.

- Fixed issue with Data Table Header not aligning with rows.

- Fixed issue with Text widgets in Form inside List; the target/cursor would move away from the widget.

- Fixed issue with Text widget when mask property is enabled; an extra character was getting added to the datavalue of a Text widget.

## WaveMaker 10.4.2 - Release date: 13 May 2020

---

### Bug Fixes



- The `onBeforePageLeave` event would get triggered on the Angular build. This is now fixed.

- When navigating to pages with variables that are mapped to tables with same suffix would not update the variables.json file correctly. This is now fixed.

- The `onError` event callback is added for **Form as Dialog** and **Form Below DataTable**.

- The invalid time widget values populated from Form data was not validating through form DSL validations. This is now fixed.

- When using a Data table with a live variable, if the dialog has a checkbox, the same row edits multiple times and the dialog would not close. This is fixed now.

---

## WaveMaker 10.4.2 - Release date: 07 May 2020

---

### New Features

- Supporting API keys to pass in header/query for endpoints in an imported OpenAPI doc.
- The API keys are profiled and can be configured with different values for different environments (dev/stage/prod).

### Bug Fixes 

- When inserting a new record using InlineEdit for Data table, there were console errors, and an empty row was getting added. This is now fixed.

- When a mobile application has prefab with JS dependencies in it, they were not loading properly in iOS apps. This is fixed.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap |5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 9.0.0   8.0.0     5.1.1|


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
