---
title: "WaveMaker 10.3.0 - Release date: 31 January 2020"
id: "v10-3-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.3.0"
---
*WaveMaker has released a new update version with new features and bug fixes.*

## Enhancements

---

- [Form Field Validation](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/field-validator)  
  - Now you can add complex validations on form field using the validations javascript API. Using this validations API, you can write validations that test for conditions based on values entered in any form field. Or test for a condition by invoking an API. Server-side validations allow you to integrate with your business rules for form validation.
- Standardizing maven repository URLs from http to https in pom.xml file.
- Supports UPPER function in HQL.
- Added new maven plugins. 
  - Creating new javaServices from IDE/command line.
  - Generate controllers from the existing JavaService.  
  For more information, see [Synchronizing Java Services Controller](/learn/how-tos/synchronizing-java-services-controller).
- Now use the data model designed at the client-side with Data Table. This allows the merging of data from different datasources before showing that in the data table.
- Partials, which are reusable components among pages of an app can load faster. We reduced additional network calls and these work on all partials, except for the dynamic ones that change based on variables.
- Updated Cordova version to 9.

## Bug fixes

---

- When using localization, the selected language would not apply; it would switch to English. This is now fixed.
- On clicking on a menu item in the navigation bar even after redirecting to the specific page, the menu would collapse and the menu item would not set as active style. 
  - **Fix**: By applying `autoclose=disabled` on the menu widget the menu will not get collapsed by default and `autoopen=activepage` will select the active menu option after redirection.

- Animation Property was not working for Container Widget from 10.0. This is now fixed.
- Fixed iScroll bug which caused the page scroll issues in mobile devices.
- pageParams passed as input to a Variable/Action created on app scope was not working. This is now fixed.

### UI Changes

- Removed Jobs section for Prefab and Template Bundle projects.
- Fixed UI for Jobs section to view full Error message for longer descriptions.
- Changes to OpenID configuration were not being picked and was not displaying in the config profile window when the app is deployed. This is now fixed.

### Widgets

- **Date widget**
  - 'CURRENT_DATE' value of Date widget was falling back to the selected date value instead of updating it to the current date value. This is now fixed. 
- **Form**
  - Case-1: When a form has repeated sections of form with formdata, the parent form does not show the formdata for inner forms that are inside the repeated sections. This is fixed.
  - Case-2: Form with Prefab having repeated sections of forms. When you apply formdata on the parent form, it would not show up the formdata for inner forms that are inside the repeated sections. This is now fixed.
  - When a live form is bound to a variable with filter expression, on change of filtered data, the variable is updated but the widgets dataset was not getting updated. This is now fixed. 
- **DataTable**  
  - Deselecting of selected rows in the DataTable through deselectItem function from script was not working - This is now fixed.
- **List**
  - Two way binding of model variable was not working on changing the value of the autocomplete widget which is placed inside the list.
- **Search**
  - If search key is not provided then default value was not showing in preview mode. THis is now fixed.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 3.0.1 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6**   httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> **8.1.1 -> 9.0.0**   8.0.0     5.0.1 </td>|


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
