---
title: "WaveMaker 11.6.1 - Release date: 18 March 2024"
id: "v11-6-1"
sidebar_label: "v11.6.1"
---

WaveMaker 11.6.1 is here with multiple enhancements like dynamic passing of Content Delivery Network(CDN) URL as a system property, **Show** field for edit mode in Data Table widget, conditional classes for few input widgets, and improved security Role Mapping configurations along with many bug fixes related to new studio based on Angular.


## Enhancements

- Enhanced the CDN configuration where the CDN URL can now be set as system/env property and it is fetched without rebuilding the application.

  :::note

  `cdn-url` property has now been deprecated and is updated as the `app.cdnUrl` property.

  :::

- In the Data Table widget, we have introduced the **Show** field for the edit mode in the Advanced Settings dialog. This improvement can be used to show or hide the values in the table even in the edit mode.
- Introduced conditional class and conditional style support in Text, Textarea, and Number widgets.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where the user was not able to view API details when switching between REST and Swagger APIs.
- Fixed the issue with the Artifacts where Artifacts created by a user removed from the team were not listed in the Team Portal.
- Fixed an issue in the Menu widget where the menu drop-down gets automatically closed as the cursor moves away from the menu even if the `Auto Close` property value is set to `Outside Click`. 
- Fixed the issue where users could not update the Prefab version even after a force update.
- Fixed the issue where the validation error messages were not shown for custom Form Fields.

## New Studio

### Enhancement

- Enhanced Security Role Mapping configuration: Removed Query section for Basic configuration and User details for Custom configuration under Authentication and Authorization.
  :::note
  This enhancement is applicable for Open ID, Security Assertion Markup Language (SAML), Central Authentication Service (CAS), Active Directory (AD), and Lightweight Directory Access Protocol (LDAP) security providers.
  :::

### Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue where the user was unable to import the Connector files in the Connector tab under the Import Resource section.
- Fixed an issue where the newly created page was not displayed upon enabling any security provider.
- Fixed a security issue where the user was unable to save the SQL custom queries for role mapping. This fix is applicable for Open ID, SAML, CAS, AD, Database, and LDAP security providers.
- Fixed an issue where the role configuration details were not reflecting when the user switched between the older and newer versions of Studio.
- Fixed an issue where the API endpoints were not listed in alphabetical order under the Core APIs section.
- Fixed the Main Page issue where menu items were not listed upon clicking the menu button.
- Fixed the Profile Configuration issue where users could not modify the Security properties after disabling Authentication and Authorization in the Project Configuration section.
- Fixed an issue where the user was unable to save the endpoint details for a Swagger API once the endpoint was changed.
- Fixed a Profile configuration issue where the validation message was not displayed even when the required fields were left empty before navigating to another tab.
- Fixed the validation message for the `Login on Session Timeout` property in the Security section.
- Fixed a styling issue when using a lengthy service URL under the Services tab in the Security section.

## Technology Stack

- [Latest technology stack and updated libraries](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes#technology-stack)