---
title: "WaveMaker 11.3.0 - Release date: 17 April 2023"
id: "v11-3-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.3.0"
---

We are ready with another minor release version 11.3.0. 

### New Features

---

## Prefab Marketplace

WaveMaker now allows you to **Publish** Prefab to Marketplace and **Consume** Prefabs that are published by different teams. This furnishes independent software vendors to achieve productivity by enabling developers to reuse each other's code through this platform; this well enables you to explore Prefabs and discover different teams for collaboration.

<iframe width="700px" height="400px" src="https://embed.app.guidde.com/playbooks/pMiFSGfVsN7ZGHwV6J6mTz" title="Guidde embed video" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen ></iframe>

### Semantic Versioning of Artifact

By allowing Publish to Marketplace, WaveMaker enables the use of Semantic Versioning for artifact publishing. This is a globally recognized standard for publishing package models, allowing the developers to track versions for software integration and more. 

For more information, see [Enterprise Marketplace](/learn/app-development/custom-widgets/enterprise-marketplace/).

## React Native Animations and Enhancements

We bring you some facets of design elements to vivify your mobile application. Incorporate app-loading animations, skeleton loaders, and more to render at the time of loading the application. This enables developers to achieve consumer-grade applications and provide a more delightful experience for the end users. 

### Splash Screen Animation

Add animation at the time of launching the application loading screen that enhances the app user experience. You can simply add plain color or an image too. Learn more about [Splash Screen in Mobile apps](/learn/react-native/splash-screen).

### Progress Loader

Add Loaders for the application supported by Lottie files that WaveMaker provides you to choose from. The Spinner's styling is generated from the default theme or the applied theme.

### Skeleton Loaders

Add Loaders for the application supported by Lottie files that WaveMaker provides you to choose from. The Spinner's styling is generated from the default theme or the applied theme. Learn more about [Progress Loader in Mobile apps](/learn/react-native/app-loader#progress-loader).

### Embed React Native Apps

React native app that is built in WaveMaker, can be embedded as part of an another Native Android and iOS app. Learn more about [Embedding React Native App](/learn/react-native/react-native-embed).

### Third-party Plugin Integration

WaveMaker added support for npm, git, and local in addition to Expo plugins. Learn more about [Third-party Plugin Support in React Native](/learn/react-native/third-party-expo-plugins).

### Custom Formatter Support

WaveMaker added support for customization of data using Custom Formatter. For more information, see [Custom Formatter](/learn/app-development/variables/custom-formatter).

## Improvements

---

### User VCS Credentials and User Teamportal

Introduced a new section called **Access Type** when adding Code Repository in Teams Portal to manage VCS access to the team members, permitting the members to perform defined VCS operations. For more information, see [Access Type in Code Repository](/learn/teams/code-repository#access-type).

### Logout User Sessions of Platform

You can now manage the logout sessions of the platform users for performing planned upgrades. For more information, see [Restrict Logout Sessions](/learn/on-premise/configure/config-users-auth-providers#restricting-login-for-all-users).

### Support for JWS or Opaque Token Provider 

You can now add another layer of security to your application when accessing the WaveMaker app's API by passing a token. For this, you can enable JWS or Opaque token as a secondary provider and pass the token when the APIs are being called from another app or 3rd party app.

### SAML Upgrade

WaveMaker has updated OpenSAML version from 3.4.6 to 4.3.0, which includes a third-party repository **[Shibboleth](https://shibboleth.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/IDP4/overview)**. If required, you can remove the repository and revert to use OpenSAML 3.4.6. For more information, see [Reverting to OpenSAML 3](/learn/app-development/app-security/saml-integration/#reverting-to-opensaml-3).

### Import and Export Project from Team Portal

WaveMaker has introduced two new options in Team Portal’s **[Manage Projects](/learn/teams/manage-projects)** page, i.e., **Import Project from Code Repository** and **Export Project**.

- **Import Project from Code Repository** allows you to import source code of the project from the code repository.
- **Export Project** allows you to download the project metadata in a CSV file.

### Set Holiday Days and Dates 

WaveMaker enabled support to exclude the desired days and dates from the Date and DateTime widget in Cordova apps using Exclude Days and Exclude Dates properties. For more information, see [Date, Time and Datetime](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/date-time-datetime/).

## Bug fixes

- Fixed an issue related to the Donut chart center label shrinking or not being clearly visible.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.6.0 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular 12.2.16 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.3.23 -> 5.3.26 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.7.5 -> 5.8.2 </td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.10.0 -> 2.10.1 </td>|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.6.12.Final -> 5.6.15.Final </td> |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.14 -> 2.14.2 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  <td   className="versiontdbgcolor"> 4.5.13 -> 4.5.14 </td>|
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
|Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |11.0.0 <br/> 11.0.0  <br/> 6.2.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Multi-version Studio
---

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|14.15.5|
|Maven | 3.8.6|
|npm | 7.20.3|
|Ant|	1.10.11|
|Git|	2.26| 

### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node | 12.22.3|
|Maven| 3.8.6|
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|
|Git|	2.26| 

For more information about building project with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).

## Build Environment 10

### Angular Web and Mobile 10

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |1.8 |
|Node | 12.22.3|
|Maven|	3.8.1|
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|
|Git|	2.26| 
