---
title: "WaveMaker 11.7.2 - Release date: 3 June 2024"
id: "v11-7-2"
sidebar_label: "v11.7.2"
---

This release includes performance improvements, such as artifact version management, notifications response in Project Hub to improve perforamance of Studio designer and project opening, and some bug fixes.

---

## Performance Improvements

- **Artifact Version Management**: Optimized artifact version API to return only allowed upgradable versions.
- **Notifications Response in Project Hub**: Notification filtering at the API level to enhance the user experience in Project Hub.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue with nested Forms and Lists. When using custom delete actions, the list reference would become "Undefined" in the form data output after the initial deletion, despite the successful deletion.
- Fixed an issue with Form outputs retrieved from Lists displaying inconsistent structure across different component hierarchies and object structures.
- BugSnag event tracking is now disabled by default during WaveMaker Enterprise (WME) setup. We re-enable event tracking later for error and usage insights (with consent).
- Pressing Enter while typing a commit message in the "Push Changes" dialog now submits the Form instead of going to a new line.
- Improved web service response handling. XML data is now preserved during API import, ensuring accurate object structure.
- Fixed an issue with accessing Mobile projects and returning to the Project Listing page using the top-left navigation button would display the old project listing dashboard.

## Technology Stack

- [Latest technology stack and updated libraries](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes#technology-stack)