---
title: "WaveMaker 11.7.3 - Release date: 17 June 2024"
id: "v11-7-3"
sidebar_label: "v11.7.3"
---

This release includes performance improvements, and some bug fixes.

---

### Date Widget Enhancements

- **Date Entry**: Define a specific format (e.g., MM/DD/YYYY) for user input in the Date Widget. This ensures consistency and eliminates confusion when entering dates. This enforcement is a flag based option through the properties panel.

:::note 
**Locale Settings**: The displayed date format will adapt based on your chosen locale. However, the enforced entry format will take priority, ensuring consistent user input regardless of locale.
:::

### Performance Improvements

- Dialogs now load their content only when you click them to open. This helps web pages with many complex dialogs load faster.
- Bind Dialog and Tab Loading: Tabs in the bind dialog now load only when needed, improving navigation speed and overall performance.
- Web pages with many dialogs, containing a lot of Widgets and Prefabs will now load and perform better with lazy loading; dialog content only loads when the dialog is clicked.
- Prefabs load faster; reducing the number of calls needed to access properties and configuration files. 
- Optimized Angular builds to reduce the size of the generated application files (like vendor.js and main.js); the studio loads noticeably faster.

## Bug Fixes


### React Native

- Fixed an issue where the user was unable to view the Toaster message even when the input record was successfully saved.
- Fixed an issue where the Live form event parameters were not returning the required data.
- Fixed an issue related to the Form widget where the input data was not getting bound to the created variable dataset during the submission.
- Fixed an issue where the input record is not getting saved in the database while using database CRUD variables. No network call is getting triggered on clicking the Save button.
- Fixed an issue with the Live Form widget where user was unable to save any form field input data and view any changes even after saving the data.

### Studio Fixes

- Fixed Radio button selection; only one radio button can be selected at a time, as intended.
- Fixed an issue where Bind Dialog tabs wouldn't render if no dataset was provided; tabs display as expected, regardless of the data availability.
- Data widgets now display all available endpoints during configuration for imported APIs; ensures a complete view of your API's functionality.
- Fixed an issue with database deletion preventing the single imported database in the API workspace; delete a solo database with the expected results.

#### Navbar

- Fixed an issue with Menu in Navbar related to Submenu opening direction. The submenu of a Menu widget placed inside a navbar would initially open upwards on the first click and then downwards on subsequent clicks.
- Fixed a transparency issue with the background of expanded child menus, ensuring better readability of the submenu content.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 16.2.12  |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.5.17 -> 7.8.5 </td>|
|  | nvd3 | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 1.8.6 -> 1.8.11 </td> |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.35 -> 5.3.36 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security |  5.8.12 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.11.0 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.7.2 -> 2.7.3 </td> |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.17.1 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.4 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.1.0 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0.87 |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.1 <br/> 7.1.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.6 |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.6 |
|npm |	9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


