---
title: "WaveMaker 11.7.4 - Release date: 01 July 2024"
id: "v11-7-4"
sidebar_label: "v11.7.4"
---

In the release 11.7.4, we have extended support for application deployment with Java 17 and 21. Included improvements like the Themes section in Project Configuration, iFrame widget message, and some bug fixes.

---

## Enhancements

### Support for Application Deployment with Java 17 and 21

With this release 11.7.4, WaveMaker applications will now support deployment on web servers running Java 17 and Java 21, along with continued support for Java 11. This means Java 11 currently only has extended support. Libraries like Spring and other third-party libraries are actively being developed on Java 17 and above. To know more, see [Support for Application Deployment with Java 17 and 21](https://docs.wavemaker.com/learn/blog/2024/06/24/java-update-17-and-21/).

### Themes in Project Configuration

For better user experience and easy accessibility, the Themes section is moved to Project Configuration settings. This section was earlier available as one of the items in the vertical ellipsis menu.

:::note
Change: Themes section can be accessed from Project Configuration settings.
:::

### iFrame Widget Improvement

We have added the below validations for the Source URL property of the iFrame widget. If provided URLs do not follow a valid format, **iFrame cannot be loaded in Studio mode** message is displayed.

For now, we have introduced the below validations:

- Relative URLs: URLs that are not fully qualified with a domain name (e.g., ./page.html).
- URLs Bound to Widgets: URLs that reference other widgets within the same application.
- URLs with HTTP Protocol: Insecure URLs using the HTTP protocol (instead of HTTPS).

:::note
Change: An informative message will be displayed in the iFrame widget if you don't provide an absolute URL.
:::

## Bug Fixes

### React Native

- Fixed build failure issue when using device variable of service type file.
- Fixed an issue in the Android application where the page with Live Form was crashing.

### Cordova 

- Fixed an issue in Cordova iOS application where Axios library was used to make XHR calls.

### Studio Fixes

- Fixed an issue in the Date widget where the `moment-timezone-with-data.js` library is overriding the default timezone set using the `App.setTimezone` function during initial login.
- Fixed Date widget issue where the user was unable to view the correct date using Today option even after configuring the custom timezone using `onBeforeLoad` event.
- Fixed an issue with the published Prefab that displayed the Current Version as 1 when the user republished Prefab with an updated description.
- Fixed an issue in topnav where the Add widget drop-down menu, available in the properties panel, was not listing any items.
- Fixed an issue where the Menu widget drop-down was not visible when used inside the partial with `container` value set as body and `autoclose` value set as always.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 16.2.12  |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.36 -> 5.3.37 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.8.12 -> 5.8.13 </td> |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.11.0 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.17.1 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.4 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.1.0 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0.87 |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.1 <br/> 7.1.0 |

:::note
- Cordova-iOS supports from iOS 16.
- Cordova-Android supports from iOS Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.6 |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.6 |
|npm |	9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


