---
title: "WaveMaker 8.0.3 - Release date: 28 December 2015"
id: "v8-0-3"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.0.3"
---
*Here is a summary of key features, known issues and bug fixes offered in 8.0.3 Release.*

## Highlights
---

### Templates for Live Widgets

Live Widgets – Live List and Datagrid (renamed Grid) now offer content templates with pre-defined structure and placement for UI elements within. The simple drag and drop feature for these widgets has been enhanced to include selection of data source, a template and binding of the UI elements or widgets.

### Server Defined Properties

**Query Service parameters** can be set to Server Defined Properties like _current logged in user context_ & _current time information_. This will help you to access the contextual information while performing selections & updates using Queries.

Configuration Profile for database now supports a JNDI Data source to be configured apart from default WaveMaker Managed data source. Managing the **JDBC data source** out of the application through JNDI configuration gives more control over the database connections & also helps leverage the database connection pooling of the App Server, where the application has been deployed.

### Introducing New Security User Roles

**Widget access** control has now been enhanced to include the following User role groups:

*   _Everyone_ – access granted to all users – authenticated or non-authenticated users
*   _Anonymous_ – access to users who are not logged in, for example display of Login button.
*   _Authenticated_ – access to users who are logged in, for example display of Logout button. By default every role created within app security configuration, gets added to the _authenticated_ role group.

### Enhanced Configuration Profiles

The Configuration Profiles has now been extended to include **REST services configuration** in addition to the Database configuration. Like database profile, this will help developers to enable Web Service Variables to connect to different API servers (hostname) based on the selected profile.

### Enhanced Live Form & Live Filter

**Live form fields and Live filter fields** can be selected from the canvas and properties can be set from properties panel on right hand side (instead of using the _Edit Fields_ property). The _Input Type_  property can be used to set a display widget type for each individual field in the live form/filter.

## Enhancements
---

1.  Changes in categorization of widgets in the **design toolbox of project workspace** for better usability. Major changes include the renaming _Layout_ widgets to _Container_ widgets; _Grid_ widget has been renamed to _Datagrid_; _DataNavigation_ widget has been renamed to _Pagination_**;** _Menu_ has been renamed to _Dropdown Menu_ and few other changes which are listed here.
2.  In Project Listing page, activity stream has been updated to show, project changes pushed by your team collaborators and also a notification alert is shown for the same. This way you will have more visibility to any changes made by your team members.
3.  **Service Variables** now support **file download** corresponding to the MIME types supported by the browser. Consider a Java Service method returning a file with Content-Type as _application/octet-stream,_ then the Service Variable corresponding to this method, when invoked at runtime would download the file.
4.  Two properties have been added to the **Tree Widget** – _Levels_ to specify the number of levels to be expanded by default; and _datavalue_ to specify the node to be selected by default.