---
title: "WaveMaker 8.1.0 - Release date: 16 March 2016"
id: "v8-1-0"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.1.0"
---
*Here is a summary of key features, known issues and bug fixes offered in 8.1 Release.*

## Highlights
---

### Send to Phonegap

Using **Send to PhoneGap** mobile build, a complete package for building both _apk/ipa_ files for _Android and iOS_ platforms can be generated. This option can be used for _platform independent appstore ready mobile apps_.

This is in addition to the **Build for Android** for _APK files_ generation and **Download Cordova ZIP** for a local build.

### Live List Widget

**Navigation property** of the **Live List widget** can be used to define the navigation between paginated list items. Navigation can be set to be:

*   _Basic_ wherein a simple _previous and next_ buttons will aid in navigation,
*   _Advanced_ will give a _navigation bar_ at the bottom of the page listing number of items displayed on each page,
*   _Scroll_ will display the next page _on scroll event_, i.e. a mouse scroll on the first page will load and display the second page, or
*   _Inline_ which will display _back and forward arrows_ for navigation.

### Form Widget

**Form Widget** can be used to capture parameters for **Service Variables** of type _POST,PUT,DELETE_. This widget replaces the earlier Form Layout widget.

For capturing data for database CRUD operations, i.e. using Live Variables, use Live Form.

### Live Widgets

Using the _Advanced Settings_ of **Live Filter, Live Form and Datagrid** multiple events can be handled for a single action. A simple use case would be if you need to navigate to a different page on save of a live form data or click of a datagrid row.

For **Datagrid Widget** multi-event handling support is extended for fields with widget type as button. Selecting JavaScript as Widget Action will generate the method automatically with default argument as _selectedItemData_. This will be useful for processing the selected row data and passing it to another page

### Text Widget

The _Display Format_ property of **text** widget, can be used to represent the special tokens/characters used to delimit acceptable ranges of inputs. The values associated with each token are regular expressions. Each regex defines the ranges of values that will be acceptable as inputs in the position of that token.  
Tokens:  
A Any letter.  
9 Any number.  
* Any letter or number.  
? Make any part of the mask optional.

For example, displayformat=”(999) 999-9999″ can be used to accept numeric values for a phone number.

## Enhancements
---

1.  WaveMaker apps support **token based authentication**. Token based authentication allows users fetch a specific resource using a token instead of their username and password.
2.  The _default value_ for **Date, Time and Datetime** widgets can be set to _Current Date and Time_.
3.  **Spinner widget** has a new **type property** which can be set to _icon or image._
4.  **Menu Widget** has a new **animation property** which can be set to define the way menu items make appearance when the menu is opened.
5.  **Search widget** has the properties for _required, readonly_ or _disabled_. Also **Type property** can used to display or hide the _search icon._
6.  Use **onPageReady** method to access widgets/variables on page load**.** _onPageVariablesReady method is deprecated._
7.  _Remember Me_ feature for secured WaveMaker apps has been extended to all security service providers.


## Technology Stack
---
### UI Framework

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 2.2.0 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.11.4 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 1.5.0 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 1.1.2 |
| Editor | ace-editor | 1.2.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.14 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.2 |
| CORS support, prefabs | xdomain | 0.7.5 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.5.0 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.6 |

*Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 4.2.0 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 3.2.3 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.2.4 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 4.3.11 |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.3.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.6.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.12 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | client-4.3.3, core-4.3.2, mime-4.2.5 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Logging framework | Log4j | 1.2.17 |


### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 7.0 |
| Tomcat | 6.0 |