---
title: "WaveMaker 8.3.3 - Release date: 25 October 2016"
id: "v8-3-3"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.3.3"
---
*This release includes minor bug fixes to the product.*

## Bug Fixes
---

1.  **Live Form**
    *   _Auto Complete_ and _Search_ widgets for Live Form fields now support paginated data on a scroll.
    *   _Tabindex_ property can be set for Action buttons to order the access using keystrokes.
    *   _Caption_ and _Title_ properties for Action buttons are now bindable.
    *   Widgets within the Live Form are available for binding using the _formWidgets_ property.
2.  **Live Filter**
    *   _Caption_ and _Title_ properties for Action buttons are now bindable.
    *   Widgets within the Live Filter are available for binding using the _filterWidgets_ property.
3.  **Data Table**
    *   _Caption_ and _Title_ properties for Action buttons are now bindable.
4.  **List**
    *   An issue with duplicate records being displayed for List with pagination property set to Infinite Scroll or Horizontal Slider has been fixed.
5.  **Form**
    *   Form Widget now supports Reset Form functionality.
6.  **Select Widget**
    *   The issue with the values, when bound to a Variable not being ordered, has been fixed.
7.  **Notification Variables**
    *   App-level Notification Variables of type _alert_ and _confirm_ were not being displayed on pages other than the page where they were created. This issue has been fixed.

## Known Issue

*   For an old application, there is a remote chance that data may fail to render in a widget bound to a Service Variable created from a custom query. To fix this issue, update the failing variable by changing any property (eg Design Max. Results – no runtime impact). This will update the variable definition thus fixing the issue.


## Technology Stack
---

Find the updated list of technologies supported by WaveMaker. 

* [UI Frameworks](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v8-3-0#ui-frameworks)
* [Back-end Frameworks](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v8-3-0#back-end-frameworks)
* [Run-time Environment](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes/v8-3-0#run-time-environment)

For the newest version details, see our [current release notes](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes). 