---
title: "WaveMaker 8.4.1 - Release date: 1 March 2017"
id: "v8-4-1"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.4.1"
---
*This release includes minor enhancements and bug fixes to the product.*

## Enhancements
---

### 1. Database Designer Enhancements
**Queries**:
*   Query, when added in WaveMaker apps, generates an API which returns a paginated list of objects. However in cases where the query returns a single record, generating a paginated API is not logical. Now setting a property to indicate that the **Query returns a single result**, you can ensure that the generated API will return an object instead of a paginated list of objects. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/working-with-queries/)
*   This release exposes DB query service API for **exporting the query results to excel/CSV**. However, for queries returning a single result, the export API will not be generated. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/table-configuration/#export-data)
*   The **Required** option has been introduced for **query parameters**. When set to true, the service variable for the query operation will not be invoked until all the required parameter values are set. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/working-with-queries/#query-creation-parameterised)
*   For table columns of date, time data types, the **Server Defined** property can be set to _current datetime_. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/working-with-queries/#query-creation-parameterised)

**Procedure**:
*   The **Procedure editor** IntelliSense has been enhanced to display the list of procedures available in the database. Use _ctrl + space_ to view the list of procedures from the schemas defined in the schema filter. On selecting a Procedure, the parameter list is also auto-populated. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/working-stored-procedures/#procedure-invocation)
*   The **Required** property has been added for param type IN and IN-OUT. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/working-stored-procedures/)

**Database Import**: 
Now database can be imported as **_read-only_** to prevent developers from accidentally making any changes to the database schema. When a database schema is imported the schema is defaulted to read-only. You can change the mode to edit from database configuration screen[#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/database-schema-import-modes/).

### 2. Rest Services
Rest Service Import has been enhanced to support testing and importing APIs which accept multipart form requests (files). [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/web-services/rest-services/#form-data)

### 3. Project Dashboard
*   From the Project Dashboard, you can choose to **Restore** your project to the last stable state in case of corruption of any files within the project. [See here for project recovery options](/learn/app-development/dev-integration/import-export-update-apps/#project-recovery).
*   Now, you can also **Export** the project as a zip file from the Project Dashboard without having to open the project. [#doc](/learn/app-development/wavemaker-overview/product-walkthrough/#project-dashboard)

### 4. Project Configuration Profiles
*   **Pool size** for database connections can be set from the Project Configuration Profile. [#doc](/learn/app-development/deployment/configuration-profiles/#deploy-profile)
*   The **Custom Profiles** for app deployment has been re-instated. These custom profiles can be used ONLY while exporting the project as a WAR file. [#doc](/learn/app-development/deployment/configuration-profiles/#custom-profile)

### 5. OAuth Prefabs
Functionality of OAuth Prefabs has been enhanced to allow you to control the pre-login behavior of the app. **Login Mode** can be set to **auto** for direct navigation to the OAuth provider’s Authorization page. When set to **manual** (default behavior) the OAuth Authorization page will be displayed after the click of the button. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/prefab/oauth-prefabs/)

### 6. UI Enhancements

*   Page rendering and Widget loading have been optimized for a smoother page transition.

* #### Data Table
    *   Edit option for data table bound to updateable database views has been enabled
    *   **Export Format (excel/CSV)** property can be set for Data Table bound to _Query Service Variable_. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/table-configuration/#export-data)
    *   Events like **onBeforeformrender** and **onFormrender** can be used to handle the behavior of Inline Live Form associated with Data Table. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/datatable-events-methods/)
    *   **refreshData** and **clearFilter** events can be used to customize the Data Table behavior. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/datatable-events-methods/#methods)
    *   Inline editing of Data Table bound to Service Variable can be achieved by mapping the Action events. [See here for usage details](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/datatable/datatable-events-methods/#inline-edit).

*   **Variable Binding**: Live Variable associated with a Database Entity will not display the related (one-to-many) entity nodes.
*   **List & Cards**: Using the new _On Demand_ **Pagination** option the list/card items can be loaded when needed. A Load More button will be displayed which when clicked will load the next page items. [#list_doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/list/configuration/#pagin) [#cards_doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/cards/card-configuration/#pagin)
*   **Tabs**: Using the _Badge_ property you can assign badge values to each tab pane. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/container/tabs/#properties)
*   **Progress Bar**: _Display format_ has been enhanced to allow selection of decimal options instead percentage and absolute values. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/progress-bar/)
*   **File Upload**: _selectedFile_ details like file name, type, and size are exposed and can be used for further processing, like displaying the details or saving in database etc.. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/file-upload/)
*   **Theme**: A new Neon theme has been introduced.

## Bug Fixes
---

1.  Issues related to date/time/timestamp value conversion based on the timezone when used in queries, widgets, etc. has been fixed.
2.  Multiple issues related to value expressions usage within Data Table have been addressed.
3.  The issue with auto-complete widget not returning distinct values has been fixed.
4.  Page parameters for partial pages and when the content for popover widgets was set to partial/page were not being displayed. This issue has been resolved.
5.  Multiple issues with File Upload widget rendering for form fields in mobile and web apps have been addressed.
6.  Jasper reports (ver 6.2.2) is now compatible with Studio.

## Known Issues
---

1.  At runtime, if a Query/Procedure does not return data, it is advised to execute the Query/Procedure once from the Query Editor and re-run the app.
2.  There is an issue with scrollbars within Studio Design Mode in Chrome Browser version 56.x. This is a browser issue and will be resolved with Chrome 57 release.

## Technology Stack
---

### UI Framework

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 2.2.3 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.11.4 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 1.5.8 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 2.2.0 |
| Editor | ace-editor | 1.2.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.3 |
| CORS support, prefabs | xdomain | 0.7.5 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.16.4 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

*Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 4.2.0 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 4.1.2 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.2.4 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 4.3.11 |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.3.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.6.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.12 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | client-4.5.2,   core-4.3.2,   mime-4.5.2 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Logging framework | Log4j | 1.2.17 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 7.0 |
| Tomcat | 6.0 |

