---
title: "WaveMaker 8.4.2.0 - Release date: 18 April 2017"
id: "v8-4-2"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.4.2.0"
---
*This release includes minor enhancements and bug fixes to the product.*

## Add ons
---

1.  With this release, WaveMaker supports an updated versions of Angular JS (1.6.4) and AngularUI Bootstrap (2.5.0).
2.  Introducing two new OAuth Prefabs – [Instagram](/learn/app-development/widgets/prefab/oauth-prefabs/instagram/) and [Box](/learn/app-development/widgets/prefab/oauth-prefabs/box/) – to provide authorization for your web apps.

## Enhancements

## Widget Enhancements:
---

### 1. Wizard
1.  Introduced _Default Step_ property to specify a starting step when the Wizard is loaded.
2.  The performance of Wizard widget is improved with the on-demand loading of the steps.
3.  Introducing _disabledone_ and _disableprevious_ properties (available through Script) to disable the done and previous buttons of a step. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/container/wizard/)

### 2. Live Form
Invoking the _hightlightInvalidFields_ method on Save action of Live Form will highlight all invalid fields in red and display appropriate error messages. This method can be accessed from the Actions tab of the Advanced Settings property of Live Form.

### 3. Form   
For Form and Live Form in Dialog mode, the _On Success_ event triggers the closing of the dialog. This behavior can now be prevented by removing the close dialog event from the Events tab of the Form and Live Form’s Property panel. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/live-form/liveform-configurations/)
### 4. Dialogs   
Dialogs can be made modal by un-checking the **Enable Default Close Action** property which controls the closing of the dialog using the “X” icon and ESC key. By default, this property is enabled. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/modal-windows-dialogs/#properties-events)

### 5. Richtext Editor   
New controls like _add table_, _font_, _font color_ and _size_ have been added to the Richtext editor. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/richtext-editor/)

### 6. Search   
_Result_ property of the Search widget is exposed for binding to the data widgets like Data Table and List. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/search/)

### 7. Picture   
A default image for the Picture widget can be set using the _Placeholder_ Picture property. When the Picture Source is not available the configured image will be shown. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/picture/#picture-properties)

### 8. Breadcrumb   
By setting the Action Id property to page name, the path for the Breadcrumb can be generated dynamically. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/navigation/breadcrumb-use-cases/)

### 9. Conditional Class   
For widgets like **Label**, **Panel**, **Tile**, **Container**, **Button**, and **Anchor** Conditional Class property can be used to change the display style based upon a condition. This is particularly helpful in the rendering of List, Card, and Data Table widgets. [#doc](/learn/how-tos/use-conditional-class-property/)

### 10. Canvas enhancements   
Added representation for hidden state (show property set to false) in design mode for widgets like Wizard Step, Accordion Pane, Tab Pane widgets. This will help you to select the hidden step/pane in the design mode for configuration.

## Feature Enhancements
---

### 1. Live Variable   
New methods – _getDistinctDataByFields_ and _getAggregatedData_ can be used to get a sorted and customized data from the database entities through the script. [#doc](/learn/how-tos/using-live-variable-apis)

### 2. VCS   
The enhanced _View Changes_ dialog makes managing your changes to project easy. The changes are grouped by Page, Prefab, Services etc.. [#doc](/learn/app-development/dev-integration/developer-collaboration/#view-changes)

### 3. Security Settings   
_SAML Authentication Provider_ details and _Token-based Authentication_ details can be configured for different Configuration Profiles from the Security tab of the Project Settings dialog. [#doc](/learn/app-development/deployment/configuration-profiles/#deploy-profile)

### 4. Collaboration   
Projects can now have _Multiple Owners_. While _adding members_ to a Project, you can specify the role of the members with options being _owner_ or _contributor_. [#doc](/learn/app-development/dev-integration/developer-collaboration/#project-sharing)

### 5. Mobile Offline Data Support   
New properties and operation for Push and Pull Variables have been added to give you more control over the Data Sync operation in Offline mode. [#doc](/learn/hybrid-mobile/offline-data-support/#variable)

## Bug Fixes
---

1.  The File Upload issue under the following scenarios has been fixed:
    *   when App has security on with XSRF token set and
    *   when REST API requires custom headers to be set in download request.
2.  The issue with Form widgets with on-demand load set has been addressed.

## Known Issues
---

*   File download in Safari 10.0.x will result in downloading the file without extension when CSRF token is enabled within the app. This issue is addressed with Safari 10.1 release.

## Technology Stack
---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 2.2.3 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.11.4 |
| MVC Framework | angular <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 1.5.8 -> 1.6.4 </td>|
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.2.0 -> 2.5.0 </td>|
| Editor | ace-editor | 1.2.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.3 |
| CORS support, prefabs | xdomain | 0.7.5 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.16.4 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

*Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 4.2.0 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 4.1.2 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.2.4 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 4.3.11 |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.3.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.6.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.12 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | client-4.5.2,   core-4.3.2,   mime-4.5.2 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Logging framework | Log4j | 1.2.17 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.7    1.8 |
| Tomcat | 6.x   7.x   8.x |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBOSS | 7.1.1 |

*Though the WaveMaker apps are developed on Tomcat ver 8.5, the generated war files can be deployed to Tomcat versions 6.x, 7.x and 8.x.
