---
title: "WaveMaker 10.6.0 - Release date: 30 November 2020"
id: ""
sidebar_label: "Release v10.6.0"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with features and bug fixes.*

## New Features

---

### AppChef

- WaveMaker is creating a mobile app build service that is fully integrated with WaveMaker Studio. It will be released soon. Meanwhile, to help WaveMaker developers, WaveMaker is releasing a service called AppChef (Similar to PhoneGap). This AppChef internally uses [wm-cordova-cli](/learn/hybrid-mobile/mobile-build-manual). To build APK or IPA, a developer should export Cordova zip from the Studio and upload it to AppChef. To know more about how to use it, see [Using AppChef](/learn/hybrid-mobile/mobile-build-appchef).

### Page Cache

- A new flag called **Cache** is introduced on the Page tag. Using this flag, you can specify whether to use a cached page on re-visit. Using a cached page significantly improves render performance. By default, this flag is turned off. To know more about it, see [Cache Flag](/learn/app-development/ui-design/page-concepts/page-cache).

### Session Persistence Horizontal Scaling

- When there is a huge demand for a service, you should plan to scale the application to handle a large number of requests to direct all the requests originating from a single logical client to a single backend web server. Backend servers that use caching to improve performance, or to enable log-in sessions that can benefit from it. To learn more, see [Session Persistence](/learn/app-development/app-security/session-persistence).


### Retain State


### PKCE


### Tablet View


## Improvements

---

- You can include the version number in the filename of the exported Cordova zip.
- Included an `itemsperrow` property for the Checkboxset and Radioset widgets.
- Required a Warning message for the filter option in the Data Table if bound to query or procedure variable "This will filter the data in each page of the Data Table widget instead of complete data table data set".

### Mobile

- Upgraded to Cordova@10.0.0 and Cordova-ios@6.1.0. [Click here for more details](/learn/blog/2020/11/26/cordova-10.0.0-upgrade).
- Added the purpose of each iOS icon in the **Export Cordova zip** dialog.
- Till now, apps created in WaveMaker support both iPhone and iPad by default. There was no control to specify this preference to support only iPhone. In this release, a new preference called 'Target Device' is added under iOS preferences in the **Export Cordova zip** dialog. Using this preference, you can specify whether app supports iPhone or both iPhone and iPad. For old projects, this option is set as 'iPhone and iPad'. For new projects, this option is set as 'iPhone'.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed issue related to allowing Trailing Zeros property in Number widget in a Form and Liveform.
- Fixed issues in Liveform and Currency widgets related to update value on the **Keypress** property.
- Allow mapping userAttributes from /security/info api call in the `loggedInUser` variable.
- Fixed issue related to chat support for Trial users.
- Fixed issue related to specifying Tab Index for dynamic Form and List widgets.
- Fixed issues related to displaying Chart widget.
- Fixed issue related to Carousel widget when enabling controls and animation property.
- Fixed issue related to Export project shell to EDN.
- Fixed issue related dropdown not working when clicking the down arrow icon.
- Fixed issue related to viewing and editing the profile name on WaveMaker Studio.
- Date widget supports localization for "Today" and "Clear" button captions in Date picker.
- Data Table: Supports the`onRecordDelete` event for Form as dialog and Inline Form modes.
- Data Table: Fixed issue related to Radioset and Multiselect widget.
- Data Table: By default for in 9.x, "table-bordered" and "table-striped" are applied under the **Styles** tab. When migrated to 10.x, these two styles applied are automatically removed. This is fixed.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6** <br> httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br> Android <br> iOS | **10.0.0** <br> 9.0.0  <br> **6.1.0** |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
