---
title: "WaveMaker 10.4.1 - Release date: 29 April 2020"
id: ""
sidebar_label: "Current v10.4.1"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with features and bug fixes.*

## Bug fixes

---

- Fixed an out of memory error when you test a REST service with a large response body.
- onOk of one confirm action if we try to open other confirm action then the 2nd confirm action is not getting opened
- Date/Time display formats: On changing locale, in preview mode we see selected date/time values in English format but in deployment(angular prod) we see them in selected language format
- **Time Widget**: For localization, when time widget format is set to 12 hr then entered time value is shown as invalid in some languages. This is fixed.
- For Data table with Live form, when you specify a date pattern that is not present in the dropdown, a validation error is thrown.
- $data object for onResult and onSuccess event for forms is an xhr Object information instead of formdata value(check 9.4 version project for reference)
- When we uncheck "Edit" and "Delete" row actions in the data table then the new record cannot be inserted as it doesn't show cross and check marks
- Digital ocean deployment failed for a specific project
- when open id fails while fetching the token we are not observing any logs
- Intermittent Navigation from one page to another page is not working for applications deployed in angular prod profile
- Change id to the pkId field name for the api that is used for fetching child objects for consistency
- Selected template is not showing in page creation step for one scenario
- JsessionId cookie is being set when we hit the APIs with Token/Basic authorization;
- Server side property "LoggedIn UserId" is always inserting user name instead of the id, this occurs when we hit the APIs with token based authorization and when the loggedIn userid is string.
- Carousel is not shown when height of the widget set to "%" during preview
- Checkboxset checked values doesn't stay checked after resetting the datavalue from JS
- Unable to get the actual cause of failure of authentication for OpenId provider
- In List Widget "No Data Found" message is pushed to the bottom when a height is set.
- For file upload widget, drag and drop option for multiple files has been removed which was previously available in 9.4.
- Build About info popup is not shown in "Manage Deployed apps" portal and "Account/Subscription" portal
- User is not navigated to redirected page after login in angular mode
- Deployment to Digital Ocean cluster is failing if the application name has special characters in it.
- If a Data table or Form widget is configured with Imported swagger's CRUD variable then in Form widget advanced settings dialog we see duplicate fields.
- For Switch widget, when you click on an item, the datavalue is changing with Yes, No, Maybe, even when the widget is disabled.
- when page rename occurs update DataBindings if target is pageName
- In the Manage Deployed Apps section, the last updated dates of the logs doesn't match with the date inside the log files
- For Popover inside partial, when you set **Popover Placement** to left or top, the popover content moves to the center and displays on top overlapping the link.
- For Data table, displays Save and Cancel buttons but cannot see new row.
- When the "New" action button position is set to top, then we see the Save and Cancel buttons are not shown
- If we add any custom action other than edit/delete then we donot see either Save/Cancel icons or buttons for the datatable
- For Data Table in angular prod deployment, observing console errors. Table is not getting rendered completely

### Trial Users

- Unable to open starter apps in WaveMaker Studio.
- When you try to deploy the app, you see deploy dialog and then the error dialog.

### Mobile

- Invoking PUT calls from mobile device throws an Invalid CORS request error. This is fixed.s

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap |5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6** <br> httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br> Android <br> iOS | 9.0.0 <br> 8.0.0   <br> **5.0.1 -> 5.1.1|


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
