---
title: "WaveMaker 10.6.3 - Release date: 04 February 2021"
id: "v10-6-3"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.6.3"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with some bug fixes.*

## Improvements

---

### Prefabs
- Prefab's configuration properties can now revealed contextually depending on the widget selected. During the Prefab design, developers can use a new option, `Show At`, in the Prefab UI configuration. When Prefab is being used in another application, the UI properties display when you select the widgets inside the Prefab.
- A Prefab can implement different views for form factors - Web, Mobile, Tablet. When such a Prefab is used in an application the corresponding form-factor view will be shown in the WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) design canvas. This was already the case when the application is run, but now even during the design time the view changes according to the form factor setting.

### Form
- Form fields now support [Angular Material style layout](https://material.angular.io/components/form-field/examples). In this layout option, the label for the field is inside the field and moves up when field gets the focus. 

### Others
- Included an option for Number and Currency widgets to limit the decimal value entry.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue related to querying a large string data from DB shortened in the variable's `successCallback()`.
- Fixed an issue related to the placeholder of the Text widget.
- Fixed an issue with the dynamic display format for the Text widget.
- Fixed an issue related to console errors in Prefab when using it multiple times in a Live Form.
- Fixed an issue with the dropdown disabled property of the Autocomplete widget in DataTable.
- Fixed an issue related to the AnimationInterval property of the Carousel widget when set through the script.
- Fixed an issue with missing digits in the Number widget when editing the value.
- Fixed an issue related to Fields overlapping when updating to Material-2.0.  
**Note**: Adding Fixed heights lead to a rigid CSS structure. Therefore, it loses its responsiveness. We advise not to restrict the grid rows with any strict boundaries.
- **Mobile**: Fixed an issue related to the previewing time format using the Time widget in Mobile projects.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 9.1.12 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.2.9|
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.4.1 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.8.6|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.4.22 final|
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.5.1|
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.11.3|
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.30 |
|  | Log4j | log4j2Version - 2.13.3 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | httpclient- 4.5.13   httpmime- 4.5.6 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 10.0.0   9.0.0    6.1.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
