---
title: "WaveMaker 10.4.2 - Release date: 07 May 2020"
id: ""
sidebar_label: "Current v10.4.2"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with bug fixes.*

## Bug fixes

---

[WMS-18710] - Pass the "in" information for api_key security config in the get call
[WMS-18711] - Save API_KEY security config value as in the config profile
Bug
[WMS-18021] - Intermittently deployments are getting failed with TomcatManager exception
[WMS-18051] - Slider widget: When default value is not provided, in run mode on hover we see either undefined or null as value in hint.
[WMS-18535] - Form Layout changes inside Live Form widget
[WMS-18574] - Mobile: CSS files generated during angular build is different for both mobile and web projects
[WMS-18576] - Build failures logs are shown in the jobs menu if digital ocean deployment is failed.
[WMS-18583] - Data not loaded when a select widget (form field) is placed in Wizard widget step2.
[WMS-18673] - Server side property "LoggedIn UserId" is always inserting user name instead of the id, this occurs when we hit the APIs with token based authorization and when the loggedIn userid is string.
[WMS-18693] - In Login as dialog, when username/password values are not entered then fields are not highlighted. Also call is triggered on login button click.
[WMS-18789] - While importing swagger, we see entities listed but post import we see all apis are grouped under "default" and no entities are shown. Inconsistency is observed.
[WMS-18815] - If we apply height for the list/card widget in % then the height is not getting considered
[WMS-18835] - On performing multiple deployments to an application, Observing deploy fails with container exception error and on launching deployed url throws 404 error
[WMS-18839] - TrialUser: When trying to delete the added member to the project or update the role to Default then we see "Cannot add member as ProjectAdmin"
[WMS-18844] - If multiple swaggers with oauth provider are imported into project, then only latest one is stored in oauth-providers.json.
[WMS-18848] - Migration is failing if page folder does not have the script file in it.
[WMS-18849] - Migration failure if .gitignore file didn't present in the project.
[WMS-18850] - 103.02 Migration Failure
[WMS-18852] - In prefab projects, once we import/create any service then model variables data is not shown in variable dialog, observing console error.
[WMS-18854] - Migration(103.05) failing
[WMS-18855] - Add Tags to Root level swagger from Paths each operation if not there
[WMS-18860] - One of the project is not deleted nor getting opened after refreshing the project(Attached project zip)
[WMS-18862] - Observing NPE on trying to import swagger
[WMS-18863] - When swagger import fails in Import step(second step), then references related to it are getting added to project. Because of this issue observing Failed to deploy
[WMS-18865] - When a mobile application has prefab with JS dependencies inside it are not loaded properly in ios apps.
[WMS-18866] - InlineEdit datatable when trying to insert a new record then we see console error and an empty row is getting added
[WMS-18878] - For imported swagger, observing Failed to deploy error on testing api in api designer.
Story
[WMS-18751] - WM search widget - UI issue
Task
[WMS-18709] - OpenAPI: Design time Authorization flow


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap |5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6** <br> httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br> Android <br> iOS | 9.0.0 <br> 8.0.0   <br> 5.1.1|


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
