---
title: "WaveMaker 10.5.1 - Release date: 01 July 2020"
id: ""
sidebar_label: "Release v10.5.1"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with features and bug fixes.*

## Improvements

---

- Fixed issues with custom notification action inside onError event of the form.
- 

- In i18N dialog, we are unable to add the error message keys which contains '.' opearator in it.
- [WMS-18888] - Imported swagger api description is not aligned properly because of which we see UI disturbance in api designer.
[WMS-18889] - Observing NPE while importing swagger in one scenario.
[WMS-18929] - While configuring data widgets, in service types dropdown we should show "Imported Api" type also.
[WMS-18936] - Dynamic Forms issue - Angular build (WM 10.4)
[WMS-18943] - In a data table, after saving new data in a live form, the focus jumps to the last record, showing the last record set instead of the newly inserted record only when the Orderby for the variable is descending.
[WMS-18955] - For Search Widget, onsubmit event $event.data is undefined in WM10
[WMS-18967] - The form data for the live form is not getting displayed when live form is present inside the list
[WMS-19079] - For swagger with oauth(implicit) security is not working as expected in mobile android build, when swagger is present in prefab and it is included in mobile project
[WMS-19081] - After deleting a swagger if a new (different)swagger is imported with same name then we see cont. spinner in studio.
[WMS-19085] - $formData param when added to the events for the datatable columns then during insert mode, we see $formData as undefined
[WMS-19086] - $formData param when added to the events for the datatable columns, incorrect values are shown in $formData
[WMS-19087] - In mobile project, don't show list with form template when there is no create/update operation in swagger variable(for entity).
[WMS-19094] - When we set custom error message in app.js file on App.onServiceError event then "Service Call Failed" is shown instead of custom error message is not shown
[WMS-19119] - When the Main URL is hit in the browser as https://<domain>/<AppName> then it is rewritten as https://<domain>/<AppName> /#/Login?redirectTo=Main
[WMS-19120] - Login action performed two times
[WMS-19122] - For swagger with oauth configuration, on changing "Send AccessToken As" property is not getting reflected while testing apis. Access token is still sent in previously configured value.
[WMS-19123] - For imported swagger apis, available path parameters are not shown in api designer(also variable for that api) in one scenario.
[WMS-19125] - Mobile apps functionality is getting broken in SpotCues
[WMS-19128] - If a swagger has api key name with special characters(like "-"), then on testing that apis in WM project we see 401 response even though key is provided.
[WMS-19133] - Observing NPE while importing a specific open api.
[WMS-19138] - draggable is not a function error is thrown in WM10.x version
[WMS-19139] - Additional error message shown for iOS mobile app on entering invalid credentials
[WMS-19142] - Log out operation is failing in open id when we invoke it after the session timeout
[WMS-19143] - Rest service end point is not being partially exposed in profile properties
[WMS-19156] - Form dataoutput construction is not proper for form when we have list with form
[WMS-19158] - Related table data is not being loaded in select boxes for liveform
[WMS-19162] - If we rename any variable from variable dialog then after Save click we see variable dialog as empty and few console errors are observed
Improvement
[WMS-19092] - Improvement: The default notification action should not be triggered, when a user invokes custom notification in onError event of the LiveForm
[WMS-19140] - Mask spot iD and spot secret fields in Publish to SPOTCUES dialog
[WMS-19141] - Left panel should open only when the finger is swiped horizontally starting at the extreme left end of the phone.


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 5.4|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6** <br> httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br> Android <br> iOS | 9.0.0 <br> 8.0.0  <br> 5.1.1 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
