---
title: "WaveMaker 10.8.0 - Release date: 11 August 2021"
id: ""
sidebar_label: "Release v10.8.0"
---
*WaveMaker released a new update version with some new features and bug fixes.*

## New Features

---

### Teams Artifacts

- Support for Artifacts in the Teams portal.

#### Prefab Versioning

- A new flow for publishing, approving, and consuming Prefabs.
- Choose version-specific updates.

### Enhanced Configuration Properties

- Support for normalized system environmental variables. 
- Support for adding custom Bootstrap property source and dynamic property source.

### Database CRUD Operation Event Listeners

- Dynamic Validations
- Custom Business Logic
- Authorization checks, Row level security
- Encrypt or Decrypt the field values
- Set default/override values during insert/update
- Invoke additional services for integration
- Audit history for the data changes, and more.

### Library Update

- Updated [backend framework](#back-end-frameworks) libraries.
- Maven plugin versions updated to the latest ones in the project's `pom.xml` file.
- Maven updated from 3.6.3 to 3.8.1. 

:::important
Maven 3.8.1 does not allow communication to HTTP repositories for security reasons, which may break the maven build in some projects. For example, project declaring JasperReports dependency with versions lower than 6.17.0 will fail because they internally declared an HTTP repository. In such cases, the dependency version should be updated to the latest version, which is 6.17.0.
:::

### Other Improvements

- Load a tab and accordion dynamically using a Live variable.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Improved scalability when using multiple Prefabs on a single page.
- Fixes for WaveMaker 9.4 project themes.
- Added logger message when database query execution fails.
- When a query throws an exception, the database will not update.
- Fixed issues related to validations applied from the database for Microsoft SQL Server.
- Fixed an issue related to zooming of Google Map Prefab when the map is present in a tab-pane or accordion.
- Fixed an issue related to duplicating properties in the app.properties file when adding a new property.
- Fixed an issue related to previewing the app when both XSS and SAML are enabled.


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 9.1.12 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework  <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 5.3.5->5.3.9|
| Security framework | Spring Security  <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 5.4.5->5.5.1|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 2.8.6->2.8.7|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 5.4.22.Final->5.5.5.Final|
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.5.1|
| JSON library | Jackson  <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 2.11.3->2.12.4|
| Logging framework | SLF4j  <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 1.7.30->1.7.32 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2  <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 2.13.3->2.14.1 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | httpclient- 4.5.13 <br> httpmime- 4.5.6 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1.0 |
|Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> 3.4.5 -> 4.0.3 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br> Android <br> iOS | 10.0.0 <br> 9.0.0  <br> 6.1.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
