---
title: "WaveMaker 10.3.0 - Release date: 29 January 2020"
id: ""
sidebar_label: "Current v10.3.0"
---
*WaveMaker has released a new update version with new features and bug fixes.*

## Enhancements
---

- [Form Validation](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/form/form-field-validator)  
    - Now add complex validations on any form field easily using the validations javascript API. Validations that evaluate conditions that test values entered any form field or test for a condition by invoking an API. Server side validations allow you to integrate with your business rules for the form.
- [WMS-17850] - Now use data model designed at the client side with Data Table. This allows merging of data from different datasources before showing that in the data table.
- [WMS-18008] - CSS output of the application is now small in size so that he app load times are better.
- [WMS-17924] - Partials, which are reusable componets among pages of an app now load faster.
- [WMS-18057] - Update cordova version to 9.

### Pending
---
- [WMS-16382] - Push to Gitlab repo is not working.
- [WMS-17955] - Automation: Localization is not working as expected, instead of selected language .js call we see en.js call triggered on language change. 
    - 17955 - Localisation had stopped working and language bundle provided in the application were not honored. This is now fixed.
    - 18089 - Changes to OpenID configuration were not getting picked up when the app is deployed. This is now fixed.
- [WMS-13290] - When a postgress database table is used with sequence generator for primary key, create or delete operations of entity that has one to many relationship didnot automatically cascade
- [WMS-18095] - Search/Autocomplete:  Default value bound to this widget did not get applied when search key is mapped to all properties in the entity.
- [WMS-18310] - When a repeating section inside a form has one more repeating section, data entered in the inner repeating section was not getting bound to the form data for saving. This is now fixed.


### Bug
---

- 18241 - Date widget was changing the selected date back to the default value of 'CURRENT_DATE'.
- 18308 - Standardizing maven repository urls from http to https in pom.xml file.
- 

- 17816 - Datatable widget deselectItem function is not working. It doesn't deselect the selected item from the table and also doesn't empty the selectedItem/selectedItems property.
- 17847 - App scoped action variables that have input to the pageParams from page level are not being passed.
- 16143 - Form validations are not working in wizard widget.
- 17563 - The wizard step widgets are not accessible in onLoad event of the step.
- [WMS-18040] - When push to phone gap fails at the phonegap website the error message shown is always "Failed to push as your App limit is reached in your PhoneGap account."
- [WMS-18065] - Jobs section should not be shown in Prefab and Template Bundle projects.
- [WMS-18067] - Documentation: For inline/quick edit template data table, provide doc about events for columns available in advanced settings
- [WMS-18072] - Mobile: Scrolling for page not working properly
- [WMS-18082] - Autocomplete/Search: When default value is object, then in studio mode we see [object Object] in the widget input field when widget is present in partial(studio mode)
- [WMS-18086] - Autocomplete: When dataset is filtered then autocomplete's dropdown results are not getting updated since call itself is not made on focusing the widget 
    - When live form is bound to variable having filter expressions, on change of filtered data, the variable is updated but the widgets dataset was not getting updated. 

- [WMS-18185] - Supporting UPPER function in HQL.


- [WMS-18263] - The Entity API are not displayed in APIDesigner
- [WMS-18264] - When we return the errorMessage along with fields from the function then the errorMessage is not getting considered // remove 
- [WMS-18288] - Animation Property is not working for Container Widget
- [WMS-18290] - REST API import is not working in case of certain response types.
- [WMS-18023] - Jobs UI | Cannot see complete long Error messages


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 7.2.2 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 3.0.1 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Back-end Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |5.1.4 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.0.8 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson |2.8.5 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate |5.2.17 |
| Sample database | HSQL |2.4.1 |
| JSON library | Jackson |2.9.8 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j |1.7.25 |
|  | Log4j | 1.2.17 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents |httpclient- **4.5.6** <br> httpmime- **4.5.6** |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Run Time Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| WebSphere | 8.5.5 |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat | 8.5* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br> Android <br> iOS <td bgcolor="#44aaf4"> **8.1.1 -> 9.0.0** <br> 8.0.0   <br> 5.0.1 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
