---
title: "WaveMaker 11.11.1 - Release date: 12 May 2025"
id: "v11-11-1"
sidebar_label: "v11.11.1 - latest"
---

WaveMaker's Release 11.11.1 includes significant bug fixes related to the server-side pagination, and Data Table in Web. It also includes issues related to Calendar widget, onChange event, Infinite Scroll component, and app preview failures in React Native.

---

## Bug Fixes

### Web

<details><summary>Users Unable to Navigate to Required Page</summary>

When using server-side pagination of type **Page**, users were redirected to the first page when attempting to navigate to any other page from the UI.This issue is now fixed and Pagination now works as expected.

</details>

<details><summary>Sorting Issue in Data Table</summary>

In case of Data Table widget, users have experienced sorting issue when binding it to a model variable. The sorting functionality breaks when customers attempt to sort fields of with integer.

</details>

### React Native


<details><summary>Incorrect Date Displayed in Calendar</summary>

In Calendar widget, user is able to view incorrect date. For example, when the user opens the widget and see the May 2025 calendar, Theactual  May 7 is Wednesday. However in the calendar the 8th May is getting highlighted.

</details>

<details><summary>Dialog Widget Content Not Scrollable</summary>

The scrolling issue was observed and fixed in the Dialog widget where the users add too much content that exceeds the dialog's visible height and users were then unable to scroll through the content.

</details>

<details><summary>Carousel Widget Functionality Issues </summary>

When using Carousel widget in an app, users are experiencing several issues related to,

- **Horizontal Swipe Inconsistency**: The horizontal swipe functionality of the Carousel widget is either not working at all or is only functional after multiple attempts by the user. This makes it difficult for users to navigate through the Carousel content.
- **Vertical Scroll Blocking in List Widget**: When the Carousel widget is placed within a List widget, it blocks the vertical scrolling of the list. Users are unable to scroll the vertical list when the Carousel is present within its items.
- **Height Issues**: The Carousel widget is exhibiting height-related problems, leading to incorrect rendering or layout. The specifics of these height issues need to be determined.

The above issues are now fixed.

</details>

<details><summary>Applications with Prefabs were Crashing </summary>

The applications with Prefab were crashing when users tried to preview in studio. This was observed when Prefab used the **Moment.js** library as it was an external library.

</details>

<details><summary>Help Text (character count) Not Displayed in TextArea </summary>

Fixed an issue where the Help Text (character count) feature in the TextArea widget did not display in mobile apps. It now correctly shows character counts based on the Maximum Characters setting, as it does in web and responsive views.

</details>

<details><summary>onChange Event Issues </summary>

- In case of Text and Number type fields in the Form widget, an issue was resolved where the `onChange` event did not trigger on the first change from the default value. This affected both `on blur` and `on keypress` settings for the **Update value on** property.
- Fixed an issue where the `onChange` event of a form field inside nested lists within a Partial was triggered multiple times—once for each item in the list—instead of just once per user interaction. This issue was noticed when the Partial was used in a Prefab.
- Resolved an issue where the `onChange` event for a Text Form Field inside a List widget was triggered multiple times on page load, based on the number of list items, even without user interaction. The event now triggers only on actual value changes made by the user.

</details>

<details><summary>Unable to Display Label Widget Caption</summary>

Resolved an issue where the Label widget failed to display text in the Caption property when the bound data value started with a hash symbol, for eaxmple, *#ImportantInfo*. The caption now correctly shows values beginning with **#**.

</details>

<details><summary>Unnecessary API Calls When Using Infinite Scroll</summary>

Fixed an issue where the Infinite Scroll List component made unnecessary API calls even after reaching the last page of data. The component now correctly respects the *last* flag in the pagination to prevent unnecessary network requests and inefficient resource usage.

</details>

<details><summary>Preview Failure When Using Expo Constants</summary>

User experienced application preview failure when using the Expo constants in Script. This issue is now fixed.

</details>


## Technology Stack

---

## WaveMaker Studio 

### UI Frameworks (Web and Mobile)

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.3 |
| MVC Framework | Angular |  18.2.13  |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Fullcalendar | |  6.1.15 |
| Built-in functions | lodash-es | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks (Web and Mobile)

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- |--------------------|
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 6.2.5 -> 6.2.6 </td> |
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">6.4.4 -> 6.4.5 </td> |
|  | Spring Data | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">2024.1.4 -> 2024.1.5 </td> |
|  | Spring Boot |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  3.4.4 -> 3.4.5 </td> |
|  | Spring Session | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.4.2 -> 3.4.3 </td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.13.0 -> 2.13.1 </td> |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate(Jakarta) | 5.6.15. Final   |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.4 |
| JSON library | Jackson |   <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.18.3 -> 2.19.0 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 2.0.17 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.24.3 |
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.4.3 -> 5.4.4 </td> |
| Servlet Framework |  | 6.0.0 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 6.3.0 |
|  | Commons Lang3 | 3.17.0  |
|  | Guava | 33.4.8-jre |
|  | Postgresql Driver  | 42.7.4  |
|  | Hibernate Validator | 8.0.2.Final |
|  | Jgit | 7.2.0.202503040940-r |
|  | Commons Codec | 1.18.0 |
|  | Commons IO | 2.19.0 |
|  | Commons Text |  1.13.1 |
|  | Antisamy | 1.7.7 |
|  | Freemarker | 2.3.34 |
|  | Apache Tika | 3.1.0 |
|  | Mariadb JDBC Driver | 3.5.2 |
|  | Mongodb Driver | 5.4.0 |
|  | Jakarta Validation Api | 3.1.1 |

## Web

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 21.0.6 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 23.0.0.9+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 27+ |
| Tomcat | 10.1.39 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

### Angular Web 

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 21.0.6 |
|Node| 22.11.0 |
|Maven| 3.9.9 |
|npm | 10.9.0 |
|Ant| 1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


## Mobile (React Native)

### Environment Setup

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 17 |
|Node|  22.11.0 |
|Maven| 3.9.9 |
|npm | 10.9.0 |
| Android Studio | Ladybug 2024.2.2 - Meerkat 2024.3.1 |
| Xcode |  15.4  - 16.2 |
| SDK Build Tools | 34.0.0|
| [wm-reactnative-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wavemaker/wm-reactnative-cli) | 1.8.8 |
| Android Gradle Plugin (AGP) |  8.10.2  |

:::note
Users can now use a single **Node.js v22.11.0** version across both Web and React Native platforms, as well as CLI tools.
:::

### SDK Update

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
| Expo | 52.0.17 |
| React Native | 0.76.3 |


