---
title: "WaveMaker 11.7.4 - Release date: 01 July 2024"
id: "v11-7-4"
sidebar_label: "v11.7.4 - latest"
---

In the release 11.7.4, we have extended support for application deployment with Java 17 and 21. Included improvements like the Themes section in Project Configuration, iframe widget message, and some bug fixes.

---

## Enhancements

### Support for Application Deployment with Java 17 and 21

With this release 11.7.4, WaveMaker applications will now support deployment on web servers running Java 17 and Java 21, along with continued support for Java 11. This means Java 11 currently only has extended support. Libraries like Spring and other third-party libraries are actively being developed on Java 17 and above. To know more, see [Support for Application Deployment with Java 17 and 21](https://docs.wavemaker.com/learn/blog/2024/06/24/java-update-17-and-21/).

### Themes in Project Configuration

For enhanced user experience and easy accessibility, we are moving the Themes section to Project Configuration settings. This section was earlier available as one of the items in the vertical ellipsis menu.

:::note
Change: Themes section can be accessed from Project Configuration settings.
:::

### iframe Widget Improvement

Now the iframe widget displays a standard message as, **iframe cannot be loaded in Studio mode**. This happens when the Source URL value available in the properties panel is,

- a relative URL or
- URL that is bound to widgets or
- If the URL has HTTP instead of HTTPS

:::note
Change: We can view the standard message in the iframe widget when an absolute URL is not provided.
:::

## Bug Fixes

### React Native

- Fixed an issue in Cordova iOS application where Axios library was used to make XHR calls.
- Fixed build failure issue when using device variable of service type file.
- Fixed an issue in the Android application where the page with Live Form was crashing.

### Studio Fixes

- Fixed an issue in the Date widget where the `moment-timezone-with-data.js` library is overriding the default timezone set using the `App.setTimezone` function during initial login.
- Fixed Date widget issue where the user was unable to view the correct date using Today option even after configuring the custom timezone using `onBeforeLoad` event.
- Fixed an issue with the published Prefab that displayed the Current Version as 1 when the user republished Prefab with an updated description.
- Fixed an issue in topnav where the Add widget drop-down menu, available in the properties panel, was not listing any items.
- Fixed an issue where the Menu widget drop-down was not visible when used inside the partial with `container` value set as body and `autoclose` value set as always.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 16.2.12  |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.36 -> 5.3.37 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.8.12 -> 5.8.13 </td> |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.11.0 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.17.1 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.4 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.1.0 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0.87 |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.1 <br/> 7.1.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.6 |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.6 |
|npm |	9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


