---
title: "WaveMaker 11.4.0 - Release date: 04 September 2023"
id: "v11-4-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.4.0"
---

WaveMaker introduces features to improve developer collaboration, along with several enhancements and bug fixes.

:::important
**Deprecation of WaveMaker 10 Projects**  
With WaveMaker 11.4 release, we will be ending our support to WaveMaker 10 projects. All the 10.x projects will be auto-migrated to the latest version i.e., WaveMaker 11.4. To learn more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## New Features

---

### Core and Impl Projects

A **Core Project** (CORE) in WaveMaker is a template that contains the common functionality of an application. Multiple team members can work on it before deploying it. 

**Implementation Project** (IMPL) can be created as child project of the CORE project to add more features or customizations to IMPL. Changes made to the CORE project can be pulled into the IMPL projects periodically.

Example: 
- The **Core Project** is like a house blueprint.
- The **Implementation Projects** are like the different houses that are built based on the blueprint.

:::note
Core and Implementation Projects are currently in beta and can be accessed upon request through our Support team.
:::

### API ReImport Impact Analysis

Typically, re-importing an API in an application can affect the application's behavior due to the API update.

The **API ReImport Impact Analysis** feature provides a detailed report on how updating a target API can affect the application's program elements, such as widgets, variables, and more. Impact analysis report can greatly improve the developer experience, especially during iterative development.

:::note
API ReImport Impact Analysis is currently in beta and can be accessed upon request through our Support team.
:::

### Framework Upgrade on WaveMaker Studio

WaveMaker studio is currently based on the AngularJS framework. In WaveMaker 11.4, we are migrating the studio from AngularJS to Angular. In this process of rewriting, we are releasing the Page workspace on Angular. The remaining workspaces like Database, Web Services, APIs, and so on will continue to be on AngularJS until we migrate to Angular iteratively.

### Angular Code Generation in Exported Project Zip

With WaveMaker 11.4, you can now see generated Angular code along with the application source code while exporting a web-responsive project. This eliminates the need to locally build the project to inspect the generated Angular application code.

### New in React Native

#### Turn On/Off Web Preview

Introduced a toggle option to view the application in web preview. This option allows you to either preview it directly else use the given cli command to preview it in the local environment. To know more, see [Local Web Preview](/learn/react-native/generate-web-preview-locally/).

#### Database Variables

Introducing the Database CRUD variables in the React Native platform of WaveMaker Studio allowing users to connect an individual database entity through auto-generated CRUD APIs. Learn more about [Database Variables](learn/app-development/variables/database-crud/).

:::note
Database Variables in React Native is currently in beta and can be accessed upon request through our Support team.
:::

#### Live Form

- WaveMaker has introduced the Live Form widget in the React Native platform to provide a columnar group of input elements for user entry to perform CRUD operations on the associated database. Learn more about [Live Form Widget](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/live-form/).

:::note
Live Form in React Native is currently in beta and can be accessed upon request through our Support team.
:::

## Enhancements

---

- Support has been added to include or exclude specific URLs for proxying REST service calls.
- The **generated-rn-app** and **generated-angular-app** folders are now included when the project is exported as a zip file.

### Security

- The security files in the project have been refactored to move the Spring beans related to security from the XML configuration file, `project-security.xml`, which was generated in the Studio design time, to the Java configuration file in the runtime.

:::important
Some profile properties have been automatically updated in this release. If you are using these properties in your environments or build scripts, you may need to verify them. To know more, see [App Security Migration from XML to Java Configuration](website/blog/2023-09-05-xml-to-java-configuration-migration).
:::

### React Native

- Added language-specific behavior like font that can be specified inside language-specific app classes. For example, use the CSS class `.app-{localecode}` to mention different font families.
- Added an indication to show the selected option in the Select widget.

### Widgets

- Added support to configure Subtitle attribute in Wizard widget.
- Added template layout options with the Checkbox and Radio button to the Tree widget.
- Added enhancement by allowing configuration of breakpoint width of various devices as per the form factors.
- Enhanced the Chart widget by adding the support to curve the bar and column charts.
- Added support to use WaveMaker pipes through Domain-Specific Language (DSL) approach using JavaScript code.
- In the Data Table widget, changed jQuery deprecated **$.isFunction** method to **_.isFunction** in the loadash.

### Expo Version Update

- **[Expo](https://blog.expo.dev/expo-sdk-49-c6d398cdf740)** updated from version 48 to 49 for React Native apps.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed running JUnit test cases for WaveMaker projects in the Maven build.
- Fixed an issue to retain user-configured prefab properties in the development profile on updating the prefab version.

### React Native

- Fixed an issue in React Native Apps, where a boolean value passed to the prefabs as an inbound property is not overriding the default value.

### Cordova 

- Fixed an issue in Cordova apps, in which the Modal dialog is not opening from another dialog.
- Fixed an issue in Cordova apps, where the dialog remains open when the Datetime widget is used.

### Widgets

- Fixed an issue related to the Carousal widget where the **nav** tag is replaced with the **div** tag.
- Fixed inline edit Data Table validation issue in the Number widget.
- Fixed an issue where the UI was not rendering the API response in CSV format, and the download option was not functioning as expected.
- Fixed an issue in the List widget where the Reorder event is not getting triggered when reordering the list item using the keyboard.

#### Accessibility

- Fixed an issue where the action buttons were not consistently displayed in the date widget on desktop and mobile.
- Fixed an accessibility issue in the Date widget related to the Screen Reader and Keyboard navigation.
- In Android Talkbalk mode, on double tap, the Date dialog is not activated in the Date widget.
  
## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.6.0 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular 12.2.16 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.3.27 -> 5.3.29 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.8.5 -> 5.8.6 </td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.10.0 -> 2.10.1 </td>|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.1 -> 2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.14.2 -> 2.15.2 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.8.6 -> 3.9.4 </td>|
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 12.22.3|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.8.6 -> 3.9.4 </td>|
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


