---
title: "WaveMaker 11.3.6 - Release date: July 2023"
id: "v11-3-6"
sidebar_label: "v11.3.6 - latest"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.3.6, which includes new features in React Native, such as Multi-theme support, Touch events, Audio widget, and Multiple selection in List widget.

## New Features - React Native

### Multi Theme Support

WaveMaker now offers multiple theme support in an application where you can now add and apply additional themes other than the default theme and switch between them.

### Long Tap Event

Enabling an additional Long Tap event for the widgets that already support Tap and Double Tap events.

### Touch Events in List

Introducing three types of touch events, Tap, Double Tap, and Long Tap in List widget.

### Accordion Widget

Extending multiple pane support to enable you to open multiple Accordion panes at the same time.

### Multiple Selection in List

You can now select multiple items in a List by enabling the Multiple Selection property. Selection Limit and Selection Limit Exceeded events allow restricting the maximum number of list items that can be selected.

### Audio Widget

Introducing the Audio widget in WaveMaker Studio allowing users to add audio files in an application.

## Expo Version Upgrade

- **[Expo](https://expo.dev/)** updated from version 47 to 48 for React Native apps.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed the App Proxy Properties for Rest API Calls.

## Technology Stack

- [Latest technology stack and updated libraries](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes#technology-stack) 