---
title: "WaveMaker 11.4.3 - Release date: 06 November 2023"
id: "v11-4-3"
sidebar_label: "v11.4.3"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.4.3, which includes enhancements in Widgets and multiple bug fixes related to Studio Page Workspace, React Native, Cordova, and others.

## Enhancements

- Added enhancement where the users who are unaware of the merge in progress, always land on the merge screen by default on reloading the project.
- Added a guided tour on how to merge changes in the workspace.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed an issue related to Oracle Database by changing the Oracle Java type from int to long when precision is 10. This fix is only applicable to the newly imported Oracle Database.
- Fixed the temporary files clean-up issue after Excel and CSV file export.
- Fixed Excel and CSV file export API to support exporting large files.

### Studio Page Workspace

- Fixed the issue in the Select Widget where once it is disabled, the Select Widget in Page Workspace is not selectable.
- Fixed an issue in the Video widget where in the **Poster** property a prefix is getting added to the path.
- Fixed an issue where the studio froze due to a circular usage of partials.
- Fixed the issue related to Prefab where the delete option was not visible to remove the Prefab used in a project.
- Fixed the Chart-related issue where the values were getting displayed outside when the value was set to inside in Markup.
- Fixed an issue where when navigated to Partial having dialogs, the dialog was visible in the partial instead of the main partial page content.
- Fixed an issue where the user was unable to view the fields from the columns tab.
- Fixed an issue in Form and  Live Form where bindings on the Form field are getting empty after adding the Custom field and saving the advanced settings dialog.
- Fixed the Rating Widget issue that was not working as expected.
- Fixed an issue where on reloading a Page the user observed that the entire Design tab of the Page appeared white along with a console error.
- Fixed an issue with viewing the Markup and script of a page.
- Fixed Live filter issue where icon class is getting added by default.
- Fixed an issue where on clicking on a JavaScript event from the events tab, the user cursor does not focus on the clicked JavaScript event.
- Fixed an issue in the List Widget that has a form with a button inside it and is unexpectedly getting submitted on clicking the button.
- Fixed an issue where a new REST Web Service is created and when a user tries to create a variable from this Web Service on a Page, the user is unable to view the data tab and **request on page load**.

### React Native and Cordova

- In Cordova, fixed the issue related to the offline pull and push functionality that was not working.
- In React Native, fixed the issue by adding CSS classes to style the previous button and cancel button of a wizard widget.
- Fixed an issue where supported was enabled to use Position property on Composite Widget.
- Fixed the issue where the page cache of the logged-in user was not getting destroyed after logout.

### Widgets

- Fixed accessibility issues in Popover, Button, and Alert Dialog Widgets.
- Fixed an issue in Data Table where the user has bound the table2 dataset to table1.selectedItem and when no items are selected in table1 then table2 shows **loading** instead of **no data found**.
- Fixed an issue where two widgets are set to ObserveOn on each other and the code goes into an infinite loop.
- Fixed an issue when the Data Table is inside a Prefab, the row remains checked even if it is unchecked.
- Fixed the issue where the Moment Timezone is not working in deployment mode.
- Fixed an issue related to the input field that is getting focused in the Date widget when the Floating label is enabled.
- Fixed the issue related to Date widget formats where it is not getting rendered as expected.
- Fixed an issue by removing the **Important** label in CSS and added styles to the theme in the Wizard component.
- Fixed an issue where the parent folder should have the **Merge Inner Files** option for a file to be shown in the three-way merge screen.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.6.0 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular 12.2.16 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.3.29 -> 5.3.30 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.8.6 -> 5.8.8 </td>|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.10.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.15.2 -> 2.15.3 </td>|
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 12.22.3|
|Maven| 3.9.4 |
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


