---
title: "WaveMaker 11.5.0 - Release date: 03 December 2023"
id: "v11-5-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.5.0"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.5.0 with new features like Appium Support, Dockerfiles in a project, importing icon font family, and enhancements like Angular framework support for Prefab workspace, NG studio upgrade to version 15, changes in project shell web template and other bug fixes.

## New Features

### Dockerfiles in Project

Introduced Dockerfiles in the project to build and deploy applications. This helps the user to use an appropriate Dockerfile for a specific project which stores all the prerequisite versions that are needed for the application. To know more, see [Build with Docker](/learn/app-development/deployment/build-with-docker/#wm-rn-web-preview).

### Docker Image for Local Web Preview - React Native

Introduced **wm-rn-web-preview** Docker image to allow users to generate the local web preview of the application. Docker image is pre-configured with essential libraries which lets the user update to the latest version of the development environment by pulling the latest docker image. This simplifies the process of building and running WaveMaker applications in the local environment. To know more, see [Docker Image for local Web preview](learn/react-native/web-preview-docker-image).

### Appium Support - React Native

Appium is a popular mobile UI test automation framework, and it supports various programming languages to write test cases. In WaveMaker, the component generates a unique identifier that is based on the widget name and attaches it as a testId property on all React Native elements that it uses. To know more, see [Appium Support](/learn/react-native/appium-support).

:::note

This feature is supported as the beta version.

:::

### Importing Icon font family in Project - React Native

Introduced an option to import font family into a project allowing users to add a custom font family. To know more, see [Custom Icon Fonts](/learn/react-native/custom-icon-fonts).

## Enhancements

### Studio Angular Upgrade - Angular Framework for Prefab Workspace

Earlier WaveMaker supported Angular framework for Page Workspace in Web projects. This support is now getting extended to the Page Workspace in Prefab projects as well.

### OpenID JWKS File Path

Extended support for reading the public key from a file path for the JWKS configuration.

### Project Shell Web Template

Enabled http2 on CDN domain to enhance Website Performance Score on Lighthouse and GTMetrix for web along with improved LCP and FCP.

### Angular 15 Upgrade in Application Run time

| Current Version | Updating to |
|---- |-----|
| Angular 12 | Angular 15 which supports IVY rendering engine |

## Bug Fixes - React Native

- Fixed the issue where the Validator can now be accessed from the constants service.
- Fixed the problem with the toCurrency pipe, which was not showing commas in numerical values.
- Fixing the issues in Widgets to adhere to the Material 3 Design System. We are currently releasing the fixes in Widgets and will further extend it in other features.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor">3.6.0 -> 3.7.1</td> |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">12.2.16 -> 15.2.9</td> |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">6.2 -> 9.0.0 </td>|
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.30 -> 5.3.31 </td> |
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.8.8|
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.10.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.15.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5 </td> |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| <td className="versiontdbgcolor">12.22.3 -> 18.16.1 </td>|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5 </td>|
|npm |	<td className="versiontdbgcolor">6.14.13 -> 9.5.1</td>|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


