---
title: "WaveMaker 11.4.2 - Release date: 25 September 2023"
id: "v11-4-2"
sidebar_label: "v11.4.2 - latest"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.4.2, which includes Dynamic Accordion as a new feature and horizontal display of radio buttons as an enhancement in React Native. It also includes support for Bitbucket 8 VCS provider and Timezone in the Date widget along with some other enhancements and bug fixes.

## New Feature

### Dynamic Accordion

Introducing the Dynamic Accordion widget in React Native, allowing users to dynamically add an Accordion pane through Javascript. To know more, see [Dynamic Accordion](/learn/how-tos/dynamic-tabs-accordions/#dynamic-accordion).

## Enhancements

- In React Native, we have enabled radio buttons to be rendered in a horizontal fashion using the Radio Set widget.
- Enabled support to import project zip into WaveMaker studio which is exported as zip from Github or Gitlab repository.
- Added support for Bitbucket 8 as a VCS provider.
- Enabled support to limit the number of branches that a user can be a part of in a project.
- Added timezone support in the Date widget.

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed an issue related to file corruption when an updated binary file is reverted.
- Fixed an issue during the merge conflicts where the changes were not getting pulled immediately after discarding the pulled changes.
- Fixed merge actions in VCS pull conflicts for files modified in the user project and deleted in the remote.
- Fixed overriding of security-related parameters issue by passing them as system parameters to Maven build.
- Fixed the issue related to the order of custom authentication success handlers added in the **project-user-spring.xml** file.

### React Native

- Fixed inconsistent output issue in the Onselect event in the Nav widget.
- Fixed CORS error due to the **withCredentials** header while making REST Services calls.
- Fixed the inconsistency issue between `show-in-device` and `Utils.isTablet()` functions when the browser is resized.
- Fixed the issue related to the List and Card Widgets where the **Items per Row** property is not working.

### Widgets

- Fixed the issue where the class added to the tree in the Tree widget is not getting applied.
- Fixed an issue in the Tab widget where the OnLoad event is not getting triggered if there is inline content.
- Fixed the issue where the branch name is not displayed in the project header.
- Fixed the issue in the Tree widget where the property binding using **Use Expression** is not working.
- Fixed the issue in the Tree widget related to incorrect **$item** information in the callback functions.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.6.0 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular 12.2.16 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">  5.3.29 -> 5.3.30 </td>|
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.8.6 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.10.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.15.2 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 12.22.3|
|Maven| 3.9.4 |
|npm |	6.14.13|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


