---
title: "WaveMaker 11.6.0 - Release date: 03 March 2024"
id: "v11-6-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.6.0"
---

WaveMaker 11.6 is rolled out in phases with some new and exciting updates! We planned it carefully to minimize any disruption to your experience. The new features will fit right in, so you can keep using WaveMaker smoothly. See more details in the [WaveMaker 11-6 release blog](/learn/blog/2024/03/04/wavemaker-11-6-release).


## Enhancements

- Extended support to profile properties to configure JVM route and SameSite attributes of the application session cookie.
- Enhanced the performance of project listing for scenarios with a high number of projects.

### React Native

- Introduced onTouchStart and onTouchEnd events on Label, Button, and Container widgets to allow opening a popover with a long tap and closing the popover when the long tap is released.
- Introduced On Change event on Wizard widget where On Change event is triggered using the newStep and oldStep arguments as a user navigates between the Wizard steps.
- Extended support for event callbacks on widgets in a dynamic Carousel where it now receives the item, currentItemWidgets, as arguments.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed issue while making a service/security/info call using Token API that returned username instead of user-id.
- Fixed an issue in the Pie chart where Pie chart values are not displayed when the application is previewed. Users are facing this if the value in the **Value Display** field is selected as the `key,value` under the Advanced Settings.
- Fixed an issue in [Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS)](/learn/app-development/app-security/owasp/#enabling-cors) API requests, where users can now download PDFs by setting content-type as multipart/form-data.
- Fixed an issue in the Data Table where the selected record is not displayed for the first time even when the **Select First Record** property is enabled.
- Fixed the issue where a 404 error is thrown upon clicking an event in the Calendar widget when integrated with the Data Table variable that includes a URL field.
- Fixed an issue related to custom authentication failure handlers that are declared in the project-user-spring.xml file that are not getting invoked in the application.
- Fixed an issue in Live Filter where the filter criteria field is not visible for reference fields under the Lookup tab.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.6.0 -> 3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 12.2.16 -> 15.2.9 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 -> 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.3.30 -> 5.3.31 |
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.8.8 -> 5.8.10 </td> |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.10.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2.15.3 -> 2.16.1 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.0.1 -> 5.1.0 </td> |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 9.0.83 -> 9.0.86 </td> |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.0  <br/> 6.3.0 |

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important
With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::


## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven|3.9.4 -> 3.9.5 |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant| 1.10.11|

### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description| Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 12.22.3 -> 18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5 |
|npm | 6.14.13 -> 9.5.1 |
|Ant| 1.10.11|
|Git| 2.42| 

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).

## Older Releases

- **[WaveMaker 9.x Documentation](https://www.wavemaker.com/9/learn/index.html)**  
- **[WaveMaker 8.x Documentation](https://www.wavemaker.com/8/learn/index.html)** 
