---
title: "WaveMaker 11.8.1 - Release date: 12 August 2024"
id: "v11-8-1"
sidebar_label: "v11.8.1 - latest"
---

WaveMaker release 11.8.1 is majorly a bug fix release which includes the issues with vulnerability and other User Interface (UI) issues. This release also has a new CSS class for Lottie Player and a few React Native and Cordova bug fixes.

---

## Bug Fixes


- Fixed an issue in the case of Nested Datatable, where the user was unable to edit the table values even after clicking Edit.

:::note

Users are now able to edit the values inside the Datatable used inside a Datatable.

:::

- Fixed an issue in Rest APIs where the body parameters were not getting generated in the associated Java code while using content type as x-form-urlencoded.

:::note
Added a fix during swagger generation and java rest service invocation that accepts all the content format for parameters.
:::

- Fixed __p1__ issue in Datatable, while binding the column title to the Internationalization (i18n) Label field. 

:::note

:::

- Fixed an issue in the Select Widget where validation checks failed while using the updated dataset that does not include previously selected values.

:::note

:::

- Fixed an issue w.r.t. Single Page Application, where the pages had second level navigation (what is second level navigation?) and did not display the nav bar to navigate.

:::note

:::

- Fixed issue in mobile applications where the option to select the default value in the Select widget used inside a Form widget was not displayed.

:::note
:::

- Fixed vulnerability issues like ___ while using **sonarqube-scanner** and **owasp-dependency-check** libraries for security checks during application generation.

:::note
Fix: Upgraded the following library versions to clear out any vulnerability issues.
    - sonarqube-scanner: 2.8.2 -> 4.0.1
    - owasp-dependency-check: 0.0.21 -> 0.0.23
:::

- Fixed issues that came up while running the **npm audit** for generated applications. The list of vulnerability issues had,
  - Moderate issues: 5
  - High-risk issues: 12
  - Critical issues: 4

:::note
Replaced core-js-builder library with rollup library as core-js-builder caused most of the vulnerability issues. Also upgraded the following library versions.
    - @compodoc/compodoc: 1.1.19 -> 1.1.25
    - summernote: 0.8.18 -> 0.8.20
The @compodoc/compodoc and summernote libraries were upgraded as they are used for Angular documentation and [Richtext Editor](/learn/app-development/widgets/basic/richtext-editor/) widget respectively.
:::

### React Native

- Fixed an issue in the List widget, where resetting the dataset value to 0 is not displayed on the preview screen.

:::note
0 was not considered a value and was rather taken as null. With this fix, 0 will be considered as a value in the dataset and displayed.
:::

- Fixed an issue with the Video widget where the page with Video content displayed a blank screen when width and height values were not provided.

:::note
Workaround: Default width and height values were provided
:::

- Fixed an issue where the Pages with skeleton loader did not render.

:::note



:::

- Fixed an issue where the Lottie player widget did not render in the application after the Lottie player library upgrade in Expo 50.

:::note

Added default width and height property values in the Lottie widget.

:::

- Fixed an issue with dialog widgets where the title was not displayed when Iconclass property was left empty.

:::note
Now the title will be displayed if the title value is provided even if the Iconclass property is left empty.
:::

- Fixed height issue in the Select widget where the select dropdown field was displayed slightly bigger in size than desired.

:::note
To fix this issue, the default padding for the select drop down field is reduced to half.
:::

- Fixed an issue where the accessibility IDs were missing in the following widgets
  - anchor
  - button
  - icon
  - accordion
  - tabheader
  - wizard
  - chips
  - datetime
  - appnavbar
  - progress-bar
  - progress-circle spinner.

:::note
Added accessibility IDs in the widgets where it was not available.
:::

- Fixed an issue in the Select widget where the background image was not displayed even after binding an image to `background-image` property.

:::note
Now the `background-image` property can be detected in Select widget and render the image provided in the property.
:::

- Fixed an issue where the user was not able to set the text alignment in the Label widget using properties or style options provided in the studio.

:::note
Removed default `alignself` property from label widget which was earlier overriding the provided styles by a user.
:::


## Technology Stack


---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">1.13.2 -> 1.13.3 </td> |
| MVC Framework | Angular | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">16.2.12 -> 17.3.11 </td> |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Built-in functions | lodash-es | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.3.37 |
| Security framework | Spring Security |  5.8.13  |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.11.0 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor">2.17.1 -> 2.17.2 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.4 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.1.0 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0.87 |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 13.0.0 <br/> 7.1.0 |

:::note
- Cordova-iOS supports from iOS 16.
- Cordova-Android supports from iOS Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).


# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.9.6 -> 3.9.8 </td> |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant| 1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 18.16.1|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.9.6 -> 3.9.8 </td> |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant| 1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).



