---
title: "WaveMaker 11.5.2 - Release date: 19 December 2023"
id: "v11-5-2"
sidebar_label: "v11.5.2"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.5.2 with enhancements like an image as thumb and multiple slides display in the Carousel and other bug fixes in React Native and Studio Page Workspace.

## Enhancement - React Native

- Extended support to add an image as the thumb of a Slider widget.
- Extended support to display more than one slide in a Carousel widget.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed cookie SameSite profile property issue that was not getting honored for CSRF token.

### React Native

- Fixed the Tabs widget issue where the default pane index is not working when bound using a model variable.
- Fixed issue related to the back button in the device where the actions can be performed using the script.
- Fixed issue in the Progress bar widget where the bar displayed in the mobile preview is as expected even when the default value is different.

### Studio Page Workspace

- Fixed the issue with Navigation variable dialog where the user observed a blank Navigation variable dialog screen when they clicked on Navigation variables from the Variables section.
- Fixed an issue where the user can edit Pages even though the edit access is not provided to the user.
- Fixed an issue where on navigating to a partial page from the parent page, the properties in the property panel were not visible.

## Technology Stack

- [Latest technology stack and updated libraries](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes#technology-stack)
