---
title: "WaveMaker 11.7.0 - Release date: 29 March 2024"
id: "v11-7-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.7.0 - latest"
---

WaveMaker 11.7.0 includes many bug fixes related to Security, APIs, and Profile Configuration sections in our New Studio to improve your experience with us.

## New Features

### New Studio and ProjecsHub

We announced our successful initial release of New Studio in our 11.6 release where we talked about our phased rollout of New Studio. And now with this release, New Studio is going to be the default studio for all users. In this New Studio, users will land on the ProjectHub page with a better user experience. To understand more about the New Studio, see [Announcing WaveMaker 11.6 release - What's new](/learn/blog/2024/03/04/wavemaker-11-6-release).

### Angular 16

We are upgrading our platform to Angular 16 from Angular 15 with better performance and user experience. To learn more, see [Angular 16 Upgrade](/learn/blog/2024/04/29/angular-16-update).

### Support Corporate Proxy for APIs

Need information

### API Reimport and Impact Analysis

Introduced API Reimport and Impact Analysis, where users can not only re-import the REST APIs but also evaluate the impact by identifying them during the import and allowing immediate rectification making application development a smoother and more stable process.

## New in React Native

### Support of CSS Variables

Now, styling is made easier by introducing CSS variables to maintain and update styles easily in an application. These CSS variables can be defined once and reused anywhere in the application. To know more, see [CSS Variables](/learn/react-native/styles#css-variables).

### Separating Web and Native Logic

Introduced support to add web.js and native.js files separately, making it easier to add the platform-specific requirements which can allow users to customize functionalities based on the platform. To understand how to add the files separately, see [Custom JS Module](/learn/react-native/custom-js-modules/).

### Dynamic Forms

Introduced support for Dynamic forms in the React Native platform to allow users to handle the varying fields by adapting the fields and layout based on the metadata received from an API. To learn more, see [Dynamic Form](/learn/how-tos/dynamic-form).

### Accessibility

WaveMaker already supports Web Accessibility and has now introduced it for the React Native platform. This helps people with disabilities to use different Assistive Technologies (AT) and Adaptive Strategies for business benefits. To know many other advantages, see [Accessibility](/learn/app-development/ui-design/accessibility).

### Material 3 Design System

Introducing Material 3 design system backed by Google, as default for all the widgets. This helps to maintain UI consistency while designing the widgets enhancing the user experiences across platforms.


## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.6.0 -> 3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.2 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 12.2.16 -> 15.2.9 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 6.2 -> 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework |   5.3.31 -> 5.3.33|
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.8.10 -> 5.8.11 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.10.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL |  2.7.2 |
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.15.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.1 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.0.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0* |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 12.0.0 -> 12.0.1 </td><br/> <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 6.3.0 -> 7.1.0 </td>|

:::note
Cordova-Android supports from Android 24 (Nougat).
:::

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5|
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 12.22.3 -> 18.16.1|
|Maven| 3.9.4 -> 3.9.5|
|npm |	6.14.13 -> 9.5.1|
|Ant|	1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


