---
title: "WaveMaker 11.11.0 - Release date: 21 April 2025"
id: "v11-11-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.11.0 - upcoming"
---

WaveMaker's Release 11.11 will introduce numerous notable features, including migration to standalone components, differentiation between user and migration changes in Studio, the Dynamic Wizard Widget, and significant enhancements such as improved canvas visuals, optimization of Angular applications by cleaning up unused i18n files in Web, chart widget enhancements, and gradient text in React Native. This release will also address several crucial bugs in both web and React Native platforms.

---

## New Features

<details><summary>Migration to Standalone Components in Angular</summary>

With this release, users can see the transition from module-based architecture to standalone components in generated Angular applications. Due to this transition, users can use Standalone components that allow users to build applications without the rigid structure of modules.

**Why this transition?:**

Benefits of this transition from module-based architecture to standalone components are,

- Simplified development process of angular applications.
- Improved performance with faster load time
- Enhanced reusability using Standalone components.
- Facilitates Tree-shaking optimization.

**Impact on Generated Applications:**

​Starting with WaveMaker Release v11.11, generated Angular applications have transitioned to using standalone components, replacing traditional NgModules. This shift aligns with Angular's latest best practices, simplifying application structure and reducing boilerplate code.​

Key changes include:

- The `app.module` file is no longer generated.
- The App config file is generated to manage application dependencies.
- Page-level modules are eliminated, reducing the number of files in the application.
- Each page component is now a standalone component, lazily loaded upon routing.
- Application startup utilizes the modern `bootstrapApplication()` API, leveraging main.ts and app.config.ts for configuration, thereby removing the need for a root AppModule.

To know more, 

</details>

<details><summary>Differentiating User Changes and Migration Changes in Studio</summary>

Studio's new feature for differentiating user changes from migration changes during project upgrades offers significant benefits, enhancing the development workflow while ensuring compatibility with the latest tech stack and latest Studio practices.

**Benefits of Differentiating Changes**

**Enhanced Transparency:** By clearly separating user modifications from migration updates, developers gain a better understanding of the migration changes, reducing confusion and the risk of unintentionally reverting essential updates.​

**Efficient Troubleshooting:** When issues arise post-migration, being able to understand and locate whether a change was user-initiated or part of the migration process helps in quicker diagnosis and resolution.​

**Streamlined Maintenance:** Maintaining applications becomes easier and clearer when developers can focus on user-specific changes without being distracted by migration modifications.​

**Reduced Errors:** Clear differentiation minimizes the risk of accidental overwrites or deletions of critical migration updates, leading to more stable and reliable applications.​​

**New UI Tabs for Change Differentiation**

In the “View Project Changes” window, users now find three tabs:

**User Changes** – Only shows files changed by the user.
**Migration Changes** – Lists all changes made by Studio as part of the migration.
**Overall Changes** – This shows a combined view of both migration and user changes.
**Changes Since Last Pushed (only when PR flow is enabled):** This shows changes made after the last push.

To understand more, see.

</details>

<details><summary>Dynamic Wizard Widget</summary>

Introducing Dynamic Wizard widget that allows users to build flexible, multi-step forms that adapt based on data and user context. Key capabilities include:

**Auto-Generated Steps:** Wizard steps and content can be dynamically created from datasets or JSON objects, making the widget reusable across varying scenarios.

**Partial Content Support:** Each step can load different templates or HTML content available in a Partial.

**Dynamic Forms:** Each wizard step can contain dynamic form that adapts to user data, allowing flexible input fields and validation.

**Custom Navigation:** Developers can set a default starting step, jump to specific steps, and track the current step index.

**Real-Time Step Management:** Add and remove steps dynamically based on user actions or logic.

**Context Awareness:** Easily identify the first or last step to disable buttons or trigger special actions.

These features make the wizard highly customizable, enhancing user experience and improving multi-step forms handling in dynamic workflows. To know the steps to implement, see.

</details>

## Enhancements

<details><summary>Improved Canvas Visual</summary>

This release introduces a significantly enhanced WYSIWYG (What You See Is What You Get) canvas, ensuring that the design environment closely mirrors the live application. This update addresses previous challenges such as text overflow, unintuitive component names, and misaligned layouts.​

**Key Improvements:**

**WYSIWYG Accuracy:** The canvas now accurately reflects the live application's fonts, spacing, padding, and alignment, providing a seamless design-to-preview experience.​

**Enhanced Text Handling:** Text elements are intelligently managed to prevent overflow, maintaining a clean and organized canvas.​

**Meaningful Component Naming:** Components are now auto-named based on their binding expressions, offering clearer context and easier navigation within the layout.​

**Benefits:**

- Reduces time spent on fixing layout inconsistencies.​
- Streamlines the design-to-preview workflow.
- Enhances confidence in the design process, ensuring that what is seen during development matches the end-user experience.​

</details>

<details><summary>Optimizing Angular Applications by Cleaning Up Unused i18n Files</summary>

To optimize Angular application performance and reduce bundle size, it's crucial to eliminate unused localization files from libraries like Moment.js, @angular/global, and FullCalendar. By adopting this approach, users can significantly enhance Angular application's performance, leading to faster load times and a better user experience.

**How to Remove Unused Locales**

**Moment.js:** Utilize the moment-locales-webpack-plugin to specify which locales to include, effectively excluding the rest .​

**@angular/global:** Implement a pre-build script to include only the required locales in the angular.json configuration, preventing Angular from copying all locale files during the build process.​

**FullCalendar:** Manually import only the necessary locale files instead of the entire set, ensuring that only the needed locales are bundled.


**Performance Testing Results after Optimization**

- A 25% reduction in finish time.
- A 35% decrease in load time on Fast 4G networks.


To understand the implemenatation, see.

</details>


### React Native

<details><summary>Chart Widget Enhancements</summary>

**Hiding X-axis Label**

Prevoiusly, users were unable hide x-axis labels. Now, with this enhancement, users can hide the x-axis label by setting **`showxaxislabels`** property in Markup section as `false`.

**Customizing Bar Width**

With this enhancement, users can now adjust the bar width in Bar and Column chart widgets by setting the new property, **`barwidth`**, as required.

</details>

<details><summary> Migrating Picture Widget to Use Expo Image </summary>

In previous versions, the Picture widget utilized default Image component. With this release, we have migrated to use Expo image to leverage the advantages offered by Expo image, particularly its improved caching mechanisms and other performance benefits, such as Placeholder Support,  Error Handling, Lazy Loading, Priority Loading, and Optimised Delivery.

</details>

<details><summary> Implement Gradient Text Styling in Labels </summary>

Introducing a property to add gradient text styling in the Label widget. To implement this enhancement, use the below CSS property.

```css

.app-label-text {    
  color: linear-gradient(90deg, #f00, #00f);
}

```

</details>


## Bug Fixes


<details><summary>Wizard Height Issue in Nested Wizards</summary>

In case of nested Wizard widgets, users were able to see the change in height percentage in Markup section but not in the UI. This issue is now fixed.

</details>

<details><summary>Data Field and Display Field of CheckboxSet are Auto Setting to Empty</summary>

When using the CheckboxSet widget, the Data Field, Display Field, and Display Expression were bound to variables. Upon refresh/reload, users were unable to view any value bound to those fields in PRoperties panel and it appeared empty.

</details>

<details><summary> Allowed File Upload Extensions Property Updates is Reverted upon Publishing Prefab </summary>

In Prefab project, users were unable to update the **Allowed File Upload Extensions** in the **General Settings** section as any changes made to the allowed file extensions were reverting upon refreshing the page.

</details>

<details><summary>Add Button Action is Not Working for Tabs, Accordion, Wizard, Button group and Carousel</summary>

Earlier, after adding a widget (from Tabs, Accordion, Wizard, Button Group, or Carousel) and saving the workspace, clicking the Add Button didn’t save the markup as expected. This issue was identified and resolved by using a dirty-checking on the Add Button click. Now, when the workspace is saved after the click, the corresponding markup is correctly added.

</details>

### React Native

<details><summary> Page Size Property Issue </summary>

In List widget, users were unable to view the Load More message or indicator even when the provided Page Size value was less than the total number of items. This issue was noticed when list widget is configured with direction Horizontal and pagination type is set as On demand.  

</details>

<details><summary>OnRender event in List is Triggered When List is Hidden in Prefab.</summary>

When using a prefab with the List widget, the **onRender** event of the list is triggered even when the list is hidden in prefab. This issue was fixed by using a new property, **triggeronrenderwhenhidden** for the list and setting it as false in the Markup section.

```xml

<wm-list  
on-render="staticVariable1List1Render(widget, $data)" 
triggeronrenderwhenhidden="false" 
show="false"/>

```

</details>

<details><summary>Scrolling Issue in Dialog Widget</summary>


In case of Android, when using the Dialog widget, users encountered issue with vertical scrolling within dialogs. The scrolling also can become unresponsive and required multiple attempts to scroll.
This issue was specifically observed after interacting with non-editable/disbaled input fields within the Dialog.

</details>



## Technology Stack

---

## Web

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.3 |
| MVC Framework | Angular |  18.2.13  |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Built-in functions | lodash-es | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.


### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- |--------------------|
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 6.2.3 -> 6.2.5 </td> |
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">6.4.3 -> 6.4.4 </td>  |
|  | Spring Data |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2024.1.3 -> 2024.1.4 </td> |
|  | Spring Boot |   <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.4.3 -> 3.4.4 </td> |
|  | Spring Session | 3.4.2 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  |  2.12.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate(Jakarta) | 5.6.15. Final   |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.4 |
| JSON library | Jackson |  2.18.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 2.0.17 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.24.3 |
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  5.4.2 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 6.0.0 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 6.2.1  |
|  | Commons Lang3 | 3.17.0  |
|  | Guava | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 33.4.0-jre -> 33.4.5-jre </td> |
|  | Postgresql Driver  | 42.7.4  |
|  | Hibernate Validator | 8.0.2.Final |
|  | Jgit | 7.1.0.202411261347-r |
|  | Commons Codec | 1.18.0 |
|  | Commons IO | 2.18.0 |
|  | Commons Text | 1.13.0 |
|  | Antisamy | 1.7.7 |
|  | Freemarker | 2.3.34 |
|  | Apache Tika | 3.1.0 |
|  | Mariadb JDBC Driver | 3.5.2 |
|  | Mongodb Driver | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.1 -> 5.4.0 </td> |
|  | Jakarta Validation Api | 3.1.1 |


### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 17/21 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 23.0.0.9+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 27+ |
| Tomcat | 10.1.31 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

### Angular Web 

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 17/21 |
|Node| 22.11.0 |
|Maven| 3.9.9 |
|npm | 10.9.0 |
|Ant| 1.10.11|

:::note
The Node upgrade applies only to Web applications, while React Native applications will continue using Node version 18.
:::

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).


## Mobile

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.13.3 |
| MVC Framework | Angular |  18.2.13  |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Built-in functions | lodash-es | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.


### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- |--------------------|
|  | Spring Framework | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 6.2.3 -> 6.2.5 </td> |
| Security framework | Spring Security | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">6.4.3 -> 6.4.4 </td>  |
|  | Spring Data |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 2024.1.3 -> 2024.1.4 </td> |
|  | Spring Boot |   <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.4.3 -> 3.4.4 </td> |
|  | Spring Session | 3.4.2 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  |  2.12.1 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate(Jakarta) | 5.6.15. Final   |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.4 |
| JSON library | Jackson |  2.18.3 |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 2.0.17 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.24.3 |
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  5.4.2 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 6.0.0 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 6.2.1  |
|  | Commons Lang3 | 3.17.0  |
|  | Guava | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 33.4.0-jre -> 33.4.5-jre </td> |
|  | Postgresql Driver  | 42.7.4  |
|  | Hibernate Validator | 8.0.2.Final |
|  | Jgit | 7.1.0.202411261347-r |
|  | Commons Codec | 1.18.0 |
|  | Commons IO | 2.18.0 |
|  | Commons Text | 1.13.0 |
|  | Antisamy | 1.7.7 |
|  | Freemarker | 2.3.34 |
|  | Apache Tika | 3.1.0 |
|  | Mariadb JDBC Driver | 3.5.2 |
|  | Mongodb Driver | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 5.3.1 -> 5.4.0 </td> |
|  | Jakarta Validation Api | 3.1.1 |

### Environment Setup

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 17 |
|Node|  18.17.1 |
|Maven| 3.9.9 |
|npm | 9.5.1 |
| Android Studio | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> Ladybug 2024.2.1 -> Ladybug 2024.2.2 </td> |
| Xcode | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> version 15.4 </td> |
| SDK Build Tools | 34.0.0|
| [wm-reactnative-cli](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@wavemaker/wm-reactnative-cli) | <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 1.8.6 -> 1.8.8 </td> |
| Android Gradle Plugin (AGP) | 8.3 - 8.7 |


:::note
It is required to use Android Studio version be **Iguana | 2023.2.1** or above and Android Gradle Plugin(AGP) version be **8.3** and above. The recommended versions for Android Studio is **Ladybug | 2024.2.1** and AGP is **8.3**.

Please ensure that your [Android Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio/releases#android_gradle_plugin_and_android_studio_compatibility) has a compatible version of the [AGP](https://developer.android.com/build/releases/past-releases/agp-8-3-0-release-notes#compatibility). Additionally, verify the compatibility of the AGP with the SDK build tools version, JDK, and Gradle version.
:::

### SDK Update

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
| Expo | 52.0.0 |
| React Native | 0.76 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 17 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 23.0.0.9+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 27+ |
| Tomcat | 10.1.31 |
