---
title: "WaveMaker 11.10.2 - Release date: 17 February 2025"
id: "v11-10-2"
sidebar_label: "v11.10.2 - upcoming"
---

WaveMaker Release 11.10.1 is here with significant enhancements like Validations for OpenID Security Provider and Configurable Tap and Ripple Effect in React Native. This release also includes many major bug fixes from both Web and React Native platforms.

---


## Bug Fixes

<details><summary> Accessibility Issues in Data Table </summary>

- An issue was observed related to accessibility where error was thrown as missing label for checkboxes when multi select property was enabled in the Data table.
- Previously, users can sort the column with sorting enabled in Data table only by clicking on the column header. Now, the column sorting can be changed by navigating to the column header and pressing enter.

</details>

### React Native

<details><summary> Carousel Widget Issues </summary>

- **Inconsistent Horizontal Scrolling**: Horizontal scrolling to navigate between slides is unreliable. Users can scroll horizontally, but the carousel only advances to the next slide intermittently. This behavior made the navigation in the Carousel widget difficult.

- **Tap and Scroll Interference**: Users were unable to scroll the page with the Carousel vertically. This issue was observed after horizontal scrolling has worked at least once and an image was tapped within the Carousel. The vertical scroll functionality is blocked or interfered with after a horizontal scroll interaction with the Carousel.

</details>

<details><summary> Webview Widget Issues</summary>

An issue was observed where the web application used within the Webview widget was unable to communicate with the React Native application. This issue was fixed by using `window.ReactNativeWebView.postMessage` instead of `window.postMessage` and postMessage should always pass a string value.

</details>

<details><summary> Image Height Aspect Ratio is not working </summary>

Images aspect ratio when height is less than expected is incorrectly displayed upon the first load of the application, but works as expected during subsequent launch of the app.

</details>

<details><summary> Floating Button is Disappearing </summary>

An issue related to floating button was observed and fixed where the Button was not visible when the user revisited the page. This was noticed only when the CSS properties were set as fixed for the Button widget.

</details>

## Technology Stack

- [Latest technology stack and updated libraries](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes#technology-stack)