---
title: "WaveMaker 11.8.0 - Release date: 29 July 2024"
id: "v11-8-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.8.0"
---

This release introduces significant enhancements across the platform. Key updates include upgrades to Angular 17 and Expo 50, along with new features like artifact sharing and improved SPA behavior. React Native developers will benefit from new Slider widget capabilities, SSL certificate pinning, and enhanced navigation.

---

## New Features

### Angular 17 Upgrade

We are upgrading our platform to Angular 17 from Angular 16 with better performance and user experience.
With this upgrade, your projects will be automatically upgraded to Angular 17. To know more, see [Say Hello to Angular 17](/learn/blog/2024/07/29/angular-17-update).

### New Modernized Studio Look

We've revamped our studio with a focus on simplicity, accessibility, and modernity. By drastically reducing the color palette and implementing design tokens, we've created a cleaner, more consistent interface, improving the visual appeal. Essentially, we've transformed the studio from a tool for building legacy apps to a platform for crafting modern, accessible applications.

### Expo 50 Upgrade

Expo updated from version 49 to 50 for React Native apps. This includes an upgrade to React Native 0.73, new features, improvements, and bug fixes.

With performance improvements, the application build process is now faster. Debugging and resolving issues are more efficient with detailed error messaging and stack traces for component-based errors. To know more, see [Expo 50 for React Native Released with 11.8.0](/learn/blog/2024/07/25/expo-50).

### Artifact Sharing Across Enterprise Environments - Beta

Introducing a new feature with which users can now share the artifacts across different environments. This feature enhances collaboration across environments. 

A new Export option is added that will help to export the artifact from one environment. It is placed in the Marketplace of another environment. The users in another environment can consume the artifact for further use. To know more, see [Arifact Management](/learn/app-development/wavemaker-overview/artifacts-repository/#artifact-management).

:::note
Sharing Artifacts is supported for only WME users.
:::

### Built-in Single Page Application Experience

Introducing Single Page App behavior to improve the performance and page load experience of apps. With this feature, navigation between pages with the same layout does not require a page refresh.

:::impact
This feature will be enabled by default for the newly created applications and needs to be enabled for the older applications. 
:::

To know more, see [Enabling SPA Behavior](/learn/how-tos/single-page-app).

## Enhancements


### Architectural Enhancements for Improved Performance

We have significantly overhauled our internal architecture to dramatically accelerate project load times. Experience a smoother and more efficient development workflow.

### React Native Enhancements

**Updating Date Format in i18N**

Introduced support to update the date format for the Internationalization (i18n) service through JavaScript. In i18N, users can now update the date format not only using the date format option available under the Formats section in the Localized Messages dialog but also through JavaScript. To know more, see [Localization Using Select Locale](https://docs.wavemaker.com/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/select-locale-usage).

**CSS Style Classes in Slider Widget**

Added two new CSS style classes in the Slider widget,`app-slider-track` and `app-slider-thumb`, where
- `app-slider-track` : To customize the slider track.
- `app-slider-thumb` : To customize the thumb used in the slider track.

**Navigation in Wizard Widget**

Added `headernavigation` property in the Markup script in Wizard widget which can be set to `false` to disable navigation through Wizard stepper header numbers. To know more, see [Wizard Widget Features](/learn/app-development/widgets/container/wizard/#features).

**Range in Slider Widget**

Added support to set range in the Slider widget by using the Range properties. To know more, see [Slider Properties](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/slider/#properties).

:::note
This enhancement is only introduced for mobile applications.
:::

**Wheel Date Picker**

Enhanced the date-picking experience by adding `iswheelpicker` property in the Markup script. Users can set it to false to fall back to the modal date picker. To know more, see [Calendar Properties](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/calendar#properties).

**SSL Certificate Pinning**

Added support to automatically update the SSL domain certificate in APK without having the need to regenerate the APK or IPA files every time the SSL key value changes. To know more, see [Auto-updating the SSL Hash Key](/learn/react-native/ssl-pinning/#auto-updating-the-ssl-hash-key).

**Service Definitions**

Introduced a provision to provide the service definitions locally instead of fetching them from the cloud. This feature would enhance the application performance by reducing unnecessary service definitions.

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed an issue with Date and Datetime widget where the user was unable to set the default time.
- Fixed an issue with i18N binding to the table column in the Data Table widget.
- Fixed an issue in the Data Table widget where multiple selected items were deselected when infinite scrolling pagination was applied. This issue also occurred when multiple pages were available in the Data Table and the user navigated to other pages after selecting items on one page.
- Fixed an issue where XSS input and output sanitization were not being applied to the char type array in API requests and responses.
- Fixed XSS output sanitization that was not being applied for the string type API response.
- Fixed an issue with double encoding in the Database service patch API's response when XSS sanitization was set to input or both input and output.

### React Native Fixes

- Fixed an issue where the user was unable to preview the application when a slider widget was used.
- Fixed an issue with the Form field where the conditional property in the advanced settings was not functioning properly.
- Fixed an issue with the iOS build that failed when accessibility properties were added

## Technology Stack


---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery |  3.7.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">1.13.2 -> 1.13.3 </td> |
| MVC Framework | Angular | <td className="versiontdbgcolor">16.2.12 -> 17.3.11 </td> |
|  | ngx-bootstrap | 9.0.0 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 7.8.5 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.11 |
| Built-in functions | lodash-es | 4.17.21|
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimized jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.3.37 |
| Security framework | Spring Security |  5.8.13  |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson  | 2.11.0 |
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.6.15.Final |
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.7.3 |
| JSON library | Jackson |  <td className="versiontdbgcolor">2.17.1 -> 2.17.2 </td> |
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.36 |
| Logging Implementation | Log4j2 | 2.18.0|
| Http client library  | HttpComponents -  httpclient |  4.5.14 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 4.0.4 |
| Database Connection Pooling | HikariCP | 5.1.0 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 11 |
| WebSphere Liberty | 19.0.0.1+ |
| JBoss Wildfly | 15+ |
| Tomcat | 9.0.87 |
| Cordova (mobile apps) <br/> Android <br/> iOS |12.0.0 <br/> 12.0.1 <br/> 7.1.0 |


This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 11. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).

# Build Environment for Studio
---

:::important

With the release of 11.4, we have ended our support for WaveMaker 10 projects. To know more, see [Ending Support to WaveMaker 10 Projects](/learn/blog/2023/08/11/wavemaker10x-end-of-support).
:::

## Build Environment 11 

### React Native 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java |11 |
|Node|18.16.1|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.9.6 -> 3.9.8 </td> |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant| 1.10.11|


### Angular Web and Mobile 11

|Description|	Version|
|---|---|
|Java | 11 |
|Node| 18.16.1|
|Maven| <td className="versiontdbgcolor"> 3.9.6 -> 3.9.8 </td> |
|npm | 9.5.1|
|Ant| 1.10.11|

For more information about building projects with Maven, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/building-with-maven).



