---
title: "WaveMaker 11.14.0 - Release date: 22 October 2025"
id: "v11-14-0"
sidebar_label: "v11.14.0 - Upcoming"
---

## Enhancements

## React Native

<details>
<summary>Accordion Icon Customization</summary>

Added two new properties **Expanded Icon Class** and **Collapsed Icon Class** to the Accordion widget. These properties allow developers to easily customize the icons displayed for expanded and collapsed panes, enhancing the visual control and flexibility of the widget.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Bottom Sheet Content Scroll Control</summary>

A new **Disable Scroll on Rest** property has been added to the Bottom Sheet widget, giving developers finer control over scrolling behavior. When enabled, it prevents content inside the Bottom Sheet from scrolling when the Bottom Sheet is in its collapsed (rest) state.  
By default, this property is disabled, allowing normal scrolling within Bottom Sheet.
</details>

## Bugs

### Web

<details>
<summary>Switch Widget Default Selection Fix</summary>
When a Switch widget has no default selection and no selection is made, `datavalue` will no longer return the first option automatically. It now correctly remains empty until a selection is made as there is no default value.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Persist Selection in Data Table on Dataset Update</summary>
Selected rows in a Data Table of modal variable now persist correctly when the dataset is updated via script or when navigating between pages. Previously, selections could be lost after modifying a row or changing pagination, but selections are now maintained consistently.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Classic Pagination Fix for Data Tables</summary>
Fixed an issue in Classic Pagination for Data Tables where entering an invalid page number did not refresh the table data correctly. Now, if a user enters a page number outside the valid range (too high or zero), the table navigates to the appropriate page and displays the correct records.
</details>

### React Native

<details>
<summary>Fixed Application of Custom Plugins</summary>

Resolved an issue where custom plugins added in `project/src/main/webapp/app.json` were not applied correctly, sometimes causing crashes during preview. Plugins now apply properly, ensuring a stable and reliable app.
</details>

