---
title: "WaveMaker 11.5.3 - Release date: 22 January 2024"
id: "v11-5-3"
sidebar_label: "v11.5.3 - latest"
---

WaveMaker has released version 11.5.3 with enhancements like conditional classes for input widgets, setting the next button as default in the Wizard widget, and `itemchildren` property in the Tab bar along with other bug fixes in React Native and Studio Page Workspace.

## Enhancements

- Enabled the next button by default in Forms inside the Wizard widget by introducing the `enable next` flag in the properties panel and it will be disabled if the form contains any errors after form submission.
- Enabled conditional classes for input widgets that are directly placed on the canvas.
- Introduced support to the extension of the current functionality of toDate pipe by adding a custom pipe with the same name `toDate`.

### React Native

- Introduced a new property, `itemchildren` in the Tab bar that shows a tab item as active if its link or its child item link matches with the active page allowing to keep the tab active for multiple pages.

### D3 and NVD3 Charting Library Upgrade - Web Applications

- D3 and NVD3 charting libraries updated from version 3.5.7 to 7.8.5 and 1.0.0 to 1.8.6 respectively. To know more, see [Charting Libraries D3 and NVD3 Update](/learn/blog/2024/01/22/charting-libraries-d3-nvd3-upgrade)

## Bug Fixes

- Fixed the issue related to Mockingbird to support mock services for collaborative development.
- Fixed vulnerabilities in Tomcat.

### React Native

- Fixed the issue where the text in the Label widget is not center-aligned even if the text alignment is set as center.
- Fixed the issue where the next, prev, cancel, done and skip methods were not exposed in the Wizard widget.
- Fixed the customization issue by adding the active class in the Checkboxset and RadioSet widgets.
- Fixed navigation issue by adding support to page links and empty links in the Label widget.
- Fixed the issue where the Prefab.onPropertyChange was not getting triggered on loading the page.
- Fixed the customization issue by supporting the application of custom color to each bar in the Column chart widget.
- Fixed the issue where the background image gets extended along with the page content till the bottom of the page when the page-level scroll bar is added.
- Fixed navigation issue in the Wizard widget by adding the on-change event.
- Fixed the issue in Tabs where the Label widget took more than 100% of size when added inside the List widget. 
- Fixed the issue in IPA or APK files where a user encountered an error while using the tabs in a page.
- Fixed the Stack bar chart issue where a user could see a circle with a straight line with a dot in the center or white space above the graph if the dataset contains negative values.
- Fixed the issue where the users were unable to add or customize the toast message styles shown for Notification Actions.
- Fixed Form validation issue where the `Validatefieldsonsubmit` method did not show true until the form was selected and the save button was clicked.
- Fixed an issue in the Checkboxset widget where only one value is getting displayed as the displayValue even when multiple values are selected.
- Fixed multiple issues such as being unable to input data in Form fields and Text widget in a list, default values not getting displayed in Form fields and Number widget.
- Fixed the issue where the user was able to view the same data values from props.datavalue and onchange events.
- Fixed the navigation issue where the user was directed from one step to another even when the condition failed.
- Fixed the issue where the user can now access the widgets when the On Open event of a dialog is triggered.
- Fixed the issue in the Number widget where string values are displayed as output on tapping the Reset button.
- Fixed the Datetime widget issue where the user was unable to set the timezone.
- Fixed the issue where the user was redirected to login issue when 401 is thrown from imported web service for a logged-in user.
- Fixed Label issue where List template must have a property to set ellipsis to text when text is multiline.


### Studio Page Workspace

- Fixed the issue where the user was unable to view the hidden tab content.
- Fixed the issue in the Alert dialog where the button and content were not displaying correctly compared to the previous version.
- Fixed the issue where the tab panes on the partial AMAssetForm were not visible.
- Fixed the issue where the asterisk (*) symbol was not visible in the Variables tab.
- Fixed the Card widget issue where layouts were not getting displayed in the configuration dialog.

## Technology Stack

- [Latest technology stack and updated libraries](/learn/wavemaker-release-notes#technology-stack)
