---
title: "WaveMaker 8.0.2 - Release date: 9 December 2015"
id: "v8-0-2"
sidebar_label: "Release v8.0.2"
---
*Here is a summary of key features, known issues and bug fixes offered in 8.0.2 Release.*

## Highlights
---

### Project Listing Page

Accessing your projects has never been more easy. **Project Listing** page has been organised to categorise your apps into – _apps_, _prefabs_, _template bundles_ and _sample apps_.

### Enhanced App Security Configuration

**App Security Configuration** dialog is now improved for greater usability. For different security providers, it is now more easy to configure users and roles. Permissions and landing pages have defaults configured appropriately, and for advanced security you can change these values, according to the security requirements.

### Updating REST Service configuration

**REST service** settings once imported can be updated with changes in the REST URL, query, path or header parameters and method type. If the response JSON structure is changed, the corresponding Service Variable gets updated allowing binding to newer or updated fields in the response [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/web-services/web-services/).

### Accessibility features

Widgets such as anchor, popover, button or menu can be activated using the browser-defined _shortcut keys_ such as Alt + [Enter] or Space. etc. Form widgets such as text, textarea, select, checkbox, radio, date, time, datetime, search, colorpicker, currency, slider can be configured to have specific shortcut keys.

### Hybrid Mobile App Development

**Liveform** has been customized for mobile layouts to have actions on the nav-bar and form elements as part of the page.

**Touch Events** – _Tap_ and _Double Tap_ events have replaced the Click and Double events. These touch events are available for web projects also for building mobile-responsive web apps.

**Native UI controls –** device specific HTML5-based input controls for date, datetime, time widgets are used at runtime for hybrid mobile apps

**Page Transitions** – Animations such as slide, fade, pop, flip can be configured when moving from a page to another page using navigation call variables in mobile project. Default is none.

## Enhancements
---
1.  _Content_ property of various **layout** **widgets**, like panel, page dialog, is now bindable. This property will be of particular use when you want to load page content dynamically during runtime or based on some authentication process.
2.  **Creating or Renaming** **Variables** with duplicate names within the page and at the application level is not permitted and it results in an error. [#doc](/learn/app-development/variables/variables).
3.  The new _message layout_ property of **Live Form** allows you to display messages inline or as toaster. It was defaulted to toaster previously. [#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/datalive/live-form/).
4.  **Calendar** widget ([#doc](/learn/app-development/widgets/form-widgets/calendar/)) has:
    1.  new _multiselect_ property will enable user to select multiple dates;
    2.  new events like _On View Render, On Select_ (in place of On Day Click which has been deprecated) have been added
    3.  new properties _currentview, selecteddates_ (in place of datavalue which has been deprecated) have been exposed
5.  _Connection Settings tab_ of **DB designer** has an additional capability of _Test Connection_ which can be used before saving any changes to avoid any errors arising due to lack of connectivity. [#doc](/learn/app-development/services/database-services/data-modelling#database-designer).
6.  _Mobile_ and _PC_ display settings have been added for **Live Form** and **Live Filter.**
