---
title: "WaveMaker 10.7.3 - Release date: 12 July 2021"
id: "v10-7-3"
sidebar_label: "Release v10.7.3"
---
*WaveMaker releases an update with bug fixes.*

## Bug Fixes

---

- Fixed an issue with GoogleMaps prefab showing only the *RoadMap* view in preview, even when selecting the Map View Type as Satellite, Terrain, or Hybrid.
- Fixed an issue related to an application deployed in root context with OpenID authentication.
- Fixed an issue related to the DateTime widget not opening appropriately when modifying via date picker.
- Fixed an issue related to the Chips widget with min char value set to `0` in Live Form field, for example, that loads a widget dropdown by default.

### Form

- Fixed an issue related to the **onChange** event not triggering when you select all and use the delete or backspace key to empty the field.
- Fixed an issue related to the Text widget's Display format that inserts data with the entered format data into the database.
- Fixed an issue related to the LiveForm with Tabs/Accordion changes disappearing when you save the Form via Advanced Settings.

### Data Table

- Fixed an issue related to expanding the Menu widget in a Data Table column hiding behind the row cell when added via the value expression method.
- Fixed an issue related to keys usage in Data Table, including arrow, enter, and escape keys not working in quick edit mode after saving a row.

### Currency Widget

- Fixed an issue related to the Currency widget not placing zeros at the assigned decimal point, even though **Allow Trailing Zeros** is set to `true`.
- Fixed an issue related to the Currency widget's localization when set to *Financial* input mode.
- Fixed an issue related to the Currency widget's **Reset** method throwing an error in Form when set to *Financial* input mode.

### Mobile

- Fixed an issue related to the Currency widget displaying the numeric keypad instead of the alphanumeric keypad in mobile devices.
- Fixed an issue related to infinite scroll not working when the List widget is inside a Dialog widget.
- Fixed an issue related to custom success handler for logout action variable navigating to login page instead of the configured one.

## Technology Stack

---

### UI Frameworks

| Description | JS Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
| JS Binding | jquery | 3.3.1 |
|  | jquery-ui* | 1.12.1 |
| MVC Framework | angular | 9.1.12 |
|  | angular-ui-bootstrap | 3.3.6 |
|  | ngx-bootstrap |6.2 |
| Styles | bootstrap | 3.3.7 |
| Charting | d3 | 3.5.17 |
|  | nvd3 | 1.8.6 |
| Built-in functions | lodash | 4.17.11 |
| Device support, gestures | hammerjs | 2.0.8 |

Optimised jQuery-UI library excluding unwanted components like accordion, datepicker, dialog, progressbar, spinner, tabs, and all jQuery-UI Effects.

### Backend Frameworks

| Description | Java Library | Version |
| --- | --- | --- |
|  | Spring Framework | 5.3.5|
| Security framework | Spring Security | 5.4.5|
| XSS | Antisamy Framework |  1.6.3 |
| Java JSON utilities | Gson | 2.8.6|
| DB Persistence library | Hibernate | 5.4.31|
| Sample database | HSQL | 2.5.1|
| JSON library | Jackson | 2.11.3|
| Logging framework | SLF4j | 1.7.30 |
|  | Log4j2 | 2.13.3 |
| Http client library | HttpComponents | httpclient- 4.5.13   httpmime- 4.5.6 |
| REST API annotations | Swagger | 1.3.10 |
| Date Time Framework | Java 8 Date/Time API |  |
| Json Libraries | com.tdunning |  1.8 |
| Servlet Framework |  | 3.1 |

### Runtime Environment

| Description | Version |
| --- | --- |
| JDK | 1.8 |
| Weblogic |12c (12.1.3) |
| WebSphere | 9.0.5 (BASE) |
| JBoss | 7.1.1 |
| Tomcat |8.5.x, 9.x |
| Cordova (mobile apps)   Android   iOS | 10.0.0   9.0.0    6.1.0 |

This is the default Tomcat runtime support. Apps can be deployed to any standard Java Web Server running on JDK 1.8. For more information, see [here](/learn/app-development/deployment/deployment-web-server).
